My second to last laptop was a Core2Duo 2.4 GHz processor. I have recently purchased a new laptop, which has 2.5 GHz i7 processors (the new model Macbook Pro).  It it fairly obvious that a 5-year newer processor is faster.   My assumption is the processor speed has something to do with actual calculations per second, but obviously the "GHz" comparison is meaningless as a comparison when not comparing the same model of processor.   How can I reliably or meaningfully determine the differences in performance from two processors of different models?
I'm looking at getting a new smartphone, as my old one (a Sony Xperia E) has reached the end of its life. There are a few things it has to have:   not an iPhone - I have a personal hatred for the things (not through use, simply on principle) enough RAM to play games with (I found the Xperia E, at its nominal 500MB, was too slow) display resolution not below 200 ppi all the standard communications stuff: texts, calls, and internet (plus their apps pre-installed) a camera absolute maximum £400 ($614.42) fits in a pocket (I find that means < 6.0" total size) decent screen size (>= 4.5")   And there are some things it would be nice to have, but I'd settle for something less.   Retina-resolution the ability to create a portable hotspot a decent camera, i.e. > 8MP an SD card slot (no preferences on SD type) the cheaper the better   I imagine there is a phone that satisfies all this; what do you recommend? Please include your reasoning in your answer, and any experiences you have of the phone you're recommending.
I have a remote server (running far, far away), which has a very important USB device plugged in (call T). Sometimes this device simply dies. If this happens, a simple plug out - plug in solves the problem on the spot. But to do that, somebody must be there physically, and do the plug out - plugin back with his own hands.  This is what I would like to automate.  My idea is to have another (USB or not) device, which can control the power line of another device, so:   it stays between T and my server can control the power of another USB device from the server I can control it remotely (ideal would be a char device, but any other solution is also acceptable).
I have read in many places online that a good smartphone camera doesn't solely depend on the amount of pixels. So, what else should I look in order to choose a good camera in a smartphone?    Sorry, to the community at the outset for not being clear to the specifications of my requirements; I was taking a photo of two rainbow(a very rare thing) at the time prior to twilight. I had Nokia 6700c(5 MP) & took the photo but unfortunately all but the rainbows were in the photo. I then took the photo using my laptop's front camera(HP 2000) & though it was only  2 MP, it could take the image of the rainbow but only a single one with fine grains around it(which after googling, I saw it as noise; thanks to @feetwet). So, 2MP performed better than 5MP! But still the photo was not clear enough to catch the image of second rainbow. Also, I never could take the image of a distant plane neither by the phone nor by my laptop; no matter at what proximity the plane was, it always appeared as dot in the photo but the laptop still performed well w.r.t. the phone. I like to take the images of clouds, sky, halos of moon, planes, birds hovering etc... I only wanted to know why my laptop performed better than my phone despite my phone being superior w.r.t. pixels. Also, I do want to know what to use in order to remove those grains or noise & take the image of rainbow at twilight or prior to that; for all that, is pixel important or something else?
Some time ago I've read about 5D 'Superman memory crystal' heralds unlimited lifetime data storage which is about the data-storage technique which uses a laser to alter the optical properties of fused quartz at the nanoscale.  This kind of devices can potentially store 360TB of data (equivalent to 75,000 DVDs) on a standard-sized disc.  Is this technology real so far? Are there any available hardware devices for data storage based on that technology that you can recommend?
I'm wondering what the advantages of using mechanical keyboards vs. traditional keyboards (i.e. membrane keyboards) are.   My primary uses will be coding, productivity, and avoiding getting RSI.
I have used the Logitech M570 for years, however when I compare the DPI on it to normal modern gaming mice it seems lackluster. I also would like to use all my fingers for buttons in games that require a lot of different keys and I can't help but feel they are wasted on the two + scroll that the mouse has.  I have also ordered a Japanese mouse call the Elcom M-XT1URBK with the promise of more DPI options and more buttons. Although I did like the way it was wired and I do currently use it I found three issues that lead me to look for other options:   The extra button just slows down the trackball so movement can allows for more precision but is hard-coded and can not be  key-bound. The mouse acts like it has mouse acceleration that makes gaming harder. (I may be wrong about this but so far it looks like it.) The size is small I find my hands cramping after a few matches of an intense game (about an hours use). My older "M570" mouse did not do this.        What are my options for a thumb trackball for gaming (aside from the two listed)?
I am looking for a head-controlled mouse controlled with neck movements. I have found SmartNav (400 to 600 USD), TrackerPro (1550 USD), HeadMouse Extreme/Nano (995 USD) and HeadMaster (?? USD). How do they compare in terms of accuracy when moving the mouse cursor? My setting is multi-monitor (6). I am open to other devices as well (controlled with neck movements).
I want to create a private cloud on my home, and for this I want to know a good NAS device that performs the following:   Put two or more hard drives on RAID 1. As cheap as possible. Allow to install software to manage NAS from cloud. Energy efficient Reliable, in the sense that this will be probably running 24/7.   Optional:   Allows to be accessed as a media server. Option for data encryption.
I'm looking for a good, second 24" monitor. What specifications do I have to look for in general when buying monitors?  I know, because it's my second 24" monitor, that it should fit well next to the existing one (same height, as small border as possible). But what else do I have to consider?   When buying my first monitor all I looked for was the right size and a good price. I ordered it online and therefore haven't seen it in person before. Would it be better to first look at a monitor in a shop before buying it?  I guess the specifications depend on the intended usage. I'll use it mostly for gaming (I'll use the better one as my main monitor) and surfing. If the types of games also matter: Mostly FPS, GTA V and some rather old strategy games such as Anno 1503 or C&C Red Alert 2.
I am building an ERP solution using Microsoft .net and SQL server 2012.  I would expect about 20-30 users and my client would like to buy his own server rather than go with a cloud based server.   Given the performance needs of a small enterprise with about 5 concurrent users using a web application (not directly accessing the server) which is the cheapest or the lowest configuration server that I could recommend.   I am considering if hot swappable components would be essential as the server is used primarily for an ERP and can be taken down if there is a component failure.  I was suggested a Dell Power Edge T20 Server, which seems to fit the client's budget, but not sure if there are better options for that sort of a budget.
I want a smartphone.  At this point I don’t care about hardware specifications, features, design, price etc.  The only requirement is that the smartphone ships without proprietary software. But I read somewhere that there’s currently no alternative to certain proprietary firmware/drivers, so if that’s the case, it would work for me if "only" the operating system and everything on top of it is FLOSS (while layers below the OS may be proprietary).  Required:   The pre-installed operating system as well as all pre-installed apps/modifications have to be FLOSS.   The smartphone has to ship like that. Buying a smartphone with pre-installed proprietary software, deleting it, and installing a FLOSS OS is not an option. What matters is what’s pre-installed, not what could be installed by the user (so it’s fine if a pre-installed app store offers proprietary apps, as long as the user has the choice not to install them).  The license has to be approved by the FSF and/or the OSI. It must be a sealed/unused product (so not offered by someone who buys smartphones with proprietary software, installs a FLOSS system and resells them).    Optional (for bonus points!):   Everything’s FLOSS, including firmware/drivers. Support installing other operating systems manually (ideally without losing warranty). Free/libre/open hardware. Ethically produced: fair trade, avoiding conflict minerals, …
I have a Lorex NVR and half a dozen of their 1080p PoE (Cat6) IP Cameras that are now over two years old.  Image quality leaves something to be desired, and I'd like to get adjustable lenses so I can fine-tune the field of view.  Features I care about:   Best 1080p image quality (although the NVR is set to only record on each at 15fps) Best on-camera low-light illumination Zoom lens so I can manually adjust field-of-view Weather sealed
We're looking for a new desk for an FOH house-of-worship setting. Right now we're using an Allen & Heath GL2200, 32-channel. We love it. It's done everything we want, but it's getting up there in years and we need more aux sends.   We have a fairly flexible budget, but system under $10k would be best. It would be installed permanently, we don't need to flightcase it. We already have clean power We'd really need to have at least 10 aux sends, plus stereo mains output. We'd like to have more inputs, but we've gotten along fine with 32. This is a want, not a need. It shouldn't be any bigger physically than our GL2200, otherwise we have to start moving things around in the booth and we don't want to do that.   Volunteers are (exclusively) using this, so it would be nice to have something with a not-terribly-steep learning curve. We're open to (and leaning towards) a digital desk.  What do I need to consider? Does anyone have experience with something that would be a good fit?
Looking for a "passive" GPS tracking device.  Everything I have found on the market is obsolete and overpriced, especially compared to the "active" trackers that are essentially cellular devices that respond and/or broadcast their location.  The drawback to an active device is that it typically requires a data contract and is much more traceable.  The best of the bad options I have found in the passive arena is the Tracking Key but it is widely panned because LAS's products are not weather-sealed ("just put it in a plastic bag" is their suggestion), their support is abysmal, and all cost at least $150!  (There's no question that in volume a controller, GPS module, USB interface, battery, magnet, and rubberized jacket should command a market price of at most $100.)  Looking for a passive GPS tracker with the following features:   Weather sealed (Optional) magnetic attachment Antenna works when installed under a vehicle Battery-efficient: I.e., it goes to sleep when not moved for a certain period.
I have a relatively new HDTV I'm working with, and I'd like a device to remotely control the TV through HDMI-CEC. Ideally, I would be able to sit back and have a web console to control those things.   I have WiFi, Ethernet would be a stretch to get to the TV My budget is ~$50-$100. Lower is better. Bonus points if it works over the open Internet, with proper authentication.    I have a DVD player and DIRECTV box attached, if it matters.
I'm sick of trying to use my mouse to do Photoshop drawing.  I know the standard is to to use a digitizer (a.k.a., pen tablet), but I don't want to sink hundreds of dollars into one when I really just need something more ergonomic and responsive than a mouse for some details.  Are there any obvious entry-level digitizers, or is it not worth it until I'm ready to pay up for the pro-grade digitizers?
In 2012 I've bought a Samsung Series 9 X4D ultrabook with a 15" screen. I'm still quite satisfied with this product. Currently, I am searching for an additional notebook with similar requirements. Unfortunately, Samsung has withdrawn from the European notebook market.  Focus lies on:   haptics and workmanship  matte screen with at least 14" and a resolution of 1600x900 or better SSD only large capacity touchpad and keyboard low weight round 1000€/1100$   CPU and graphics power are of lesser importance. It does not necessarily have to be labeled as an ultrabook either.   The only devices I've found so far are the Lenovo Yoga and L-Series. Are there further solutions for these requirements?
I see many people talking about how they have built water cooling into their system.  Is there any real benefit in performance by doing this or is it purely for aesthetics?
I'd like to fit a gaming PC in my living room, and am looking into small form factor ones.   I have been recommended the Alienware X51 series whose I appreciate the shape reminiscent of a gaming console,  About Alienware one question I cannot find an answer for is if it would be safe to stack my PS3 on top of it (I do not have a lot of space in the living room)? I heard that the PC can get quite hot.    I also want to consider alternatives.    Are there other PC cases with shapes similar to the X51? Most of the Mini-Itx have more like a "brick" shape, and seem harder to fit in the living room.
For a hardware project, I'm looking for a simple, robust Bluetooth controller on which I can solder buttons. I found the Bluefruit EZ-Key but I don't like it that I can't change the name.  I've Googled quite a lot but cannot find any alternative. Are there any other standalone Bluetooth controllers around? Or is it possible to build one yourself?
We have a couple pairs of headphones we use with our GL2200 for listening to PFL/AFL during a live church service. One pair works fine, the other... does not. We want to replace the pair that doesn't work fine  They should:   Play nice with the GL2200, and ideally the digital board we're hoping to get at some point in the future Have good isolation (I've had good experiences with active systems, but if it just has very very good 'physical' isolation, that'd work too) Not be terribly expensive (< $250 would be best) Have a volume adjustment on the headphones themselves. We have two sets of headphones coming off the board, and one volume control for both of them.  If the cabling on them is non-removable, have a decently long coiled cable.
I am looking for a smartphone that I can use for testing and developing my Android app on. Any Android version above 2.3 is okay and any screen size is good. I currently have a Nexus 7 and want another, smaller, screen size. Are there any good smartphones at this price point?
The Intel Core i7 processor has a feature known as "hyper-threading." Quoting their website:      Intel® Hyper-Threading Technology (Intel® HT Technology)1 uses processor resources more efficiently, enabling multiple threads to run on each core. As a performance feature, it also increases processor throughput, improving overall performance on threaded software.   Of course, this sounds a bit like an advertisement, and it doesn't show whether it has any less desirable qualities to it, such as increased power usage.  What exactly is hyper-threading? When should I buy a processor that utilizes this?
I have many video outputs that I would like to simultaneously overview with a control monitor, but I don't want to buy a monitor for each video output itself. So I'm looking for a similar solution what we can see at surveillance systems, where the monitor is connected to a DVR unit, which processes multiple camera images, and we can see them displayed in some kind of grid.    Is there such a device for regular VGA or HDMI outputs? It doesn't matter if it is built into the monitor itself or if it has, for example, 4 or more inputs with one output I can connect to a monitor. It would be nice if the output layout could be configurable to different layout styles like in the picture below, but it isn't a requirement.
I am looking for a computer that can handle 6 virtual machines and about 80 chrome tabs open. I will be using Visual Studio as well. I'm asking about chipsets, RAM, and also generally what computer is good.  The operating systems installed on the VM will be: Win 10, Win 7, Win XP, Win XP_B, Debian, Ubuntu. I will allocate a minimum amount of resources to each of these.  As for the budget, a cheaper computer that can still handle the workload would be better.  I would like at least 32GB RAM because my current laptop is 16GB and I use 8GB of its RAM largely from just web browsing. What other specs should I be looking for in a computer that can handle the workload?
I'm looking for a weatherproof (or waterproof only) IP Camera capable of covering long distances like 500 meters or more for 24/7 surveillance in industrial areas. I've searched among popular brands but none of them had this specification. most camera lens sized I found are:   3.6mm →15 meters 6mm →20 meters 8mm →26 meters 12mm →40 meters 16mm →60 meters   The only Important specifications for the IP camera is having a good video quality and at least 500 meters of straight coverage, so it doesn't matter whether it uses mechanical zoom or digital but it definitely must be a PTZ (Pan, Tilt, Zoom) camera. Thanks!   UPDATE: the camera's video quality need to be HD and 10 pixels per inch.
Buying a full server is both expensive to buy and to maintain. As NAS devices became popular they give us the chance to have servers that are easy to acquire and cheap to maintain especially when it comes to power consumption.  It is also an overkill to get a full server for a personal or low-traffic website so if someone would like to host their own sites but not in a professional level or without a hosting plan (LAN only usage or home automation) then a NAS could be a good solution between a server rack in the closet and a service given by a hosting company, especially that a NAS is designed to be power efficient, easy to maintain, silent, to be run 24/7, not to mention the support for RAID.  What are some cheap NAS devices that would make a good webserver that can serve a maximum of a few hundred visitors a day and provide the freedom of a regular server but in a smaller scale. Something that let you install different technologies used in web developement (not just PHP and MySQL). Possibly give SSH access and has an operating system that is (in term of possibilities) the closest to a "normal" server OS like Debian or CentOS.  Low cost means it is cheaper than a desktop PC used by the average, everyday user in First World countries.
I am looking for a new Android e-book reader. The primary requirements:   OS: Officially supports Android v6. Weight: < 300gr, preferably < 250gr Price: < $250 Dimensions: not large (roughly the size of the Nexus 7:  200mm × 114mm × 8.65mm) Memory: > 16GB   Secondary requirements:   Pure or close-to-Pure Android (i.e., no bloatware) Water-resistant Comfortable to hold and read in one hand
I have an old Logitech M505 mouse and I really like both the ergonomic form factor and the fact that it's from Logitech (the Unifying Receiver is handy). I looks like this:    But this is discontinued and it has a few problems of its own, so I'd like to find a new similar mouse from Logitech.  But it must have a clicking scroll wheel (so rotating the scroll wheel clicks into set steps instead of smoothly scrolling). Also the scroll wheel needs to be the middle mouse button (as opposed to having a separate button below that acts as the middle mouse button). It should also have a similar form factor (meaning no weird gaming mice that look like they're an Autobot or Decepticon). Other features (like additional buttons) are okay but not required.
These four are the main I/O that you see.  What are the pros/cons for each?  As far as I know HDMI 2.0 supports higher fps than earlier HDMI as well as that Display Port supports high fps.  Besides that I'm not positive on why I would connect my monitor with a certain cable.
I have been wanting a better desk for many months. Pretty much my only requirements are:   Desk must move up/down   Must have some sort of continuous mechanism for this (ie not just every 2 inches, etc) Can be either motorized or non-motorized  Must be available online Must have a flat surface that is reasonably rectangular   Price is meaningful, and I'd like to say less than $500, but this is not the most important thing. An ideal answer would include a few options with varying price ranges.
I am looking for a camera that can scan 3D objects for use in 3D modeling programs like Blender. Requirements:   SDK quality 3D scans portable, preferably wireless less than $100
My laptop runs AutoCAD and various Autodesk drafting/modeling programs. I'd like to buy a second monitor to help me work with multiple files/drawings at the same time.  What second monitor can I buy that...   is designed specifically for use as a second monitor, has a diagonal of about 16" (maximum of 20"!), is relatively portable (this will likely be used with a laptop), and is under $150?
I'm considering buying new UPS for my PC. I'm hoping the new UPS can still hold power for around 15-30 minutes so my computer can properly shutdown. It should also come with surge protection. My PC came with Corsair 600W PSU and I'm using a 24" BENQ monitor.   Does the ICA UPS CE600 meet these criteria?
In my country, power comes in 220V by default. My original 3DS charger only accepts 110V power. I'm taking my 3DS everywhere, so I can't bring the big power converter I already have at home.  Is there any recommended small converter for converting 220V power to 110V?
My wife insists on having a landline.  I know there are some VOIP providers that have apps that let you answer calls on your smartphone, but is there a generic device that will let you answer landline calls on your cellphone (as if it were a POTS phone extension)?  I assume it would require a companion app.
We develop cost effective hospital information systems for rural India which runs as a web application. To make the overall cost of ownership low, we use Ubuntu as the server and  client OS. To drive the cost further down, I would like to move away from entry level PCs as client devices to thin clients running Ubuntu (or other free Linux variants).  Specification:   With  popular browser (firefox or chrome) support. standard Monitor with minimum 1280 X 720  pixel Resolution 3 to 4 USB ports to connect any printer, keyboard, mice Supporting latest Ubuntu LTS version (Ubuntu 14.04) At least 2 GB RAM No separate commercial software requirement. Free/Open Source software like Linux Terminal Server are fine. One 10/100/1000 Mbps ethernet port  What would be options I can look at?
Let's say I want to buy a cheap USB device which does X. I also want this device to be compatible with Linux.  The problem is that in many cases, such devices may be generic or unbranded, and there may not be much information about them on the web to help me figure out if others have used that particular device successfully with Linux.  Some examples:   USB Video capture devices or TV Sticks, Sound cards WiFi Devices Bazillions of other awesome things   Are there any ways to (try) to determine if this device is compatible with Linux, before buying it ?  I vaguely remember reading that one can look at the Windows drivers for clues as to the chips used, and then find if those are Linux-compatible, is this possible ?
I'm considering building a hobby acoustic holography setup. I would need several (at least 12, I think) microphones to do this, but I have a limited budget. Does anyone have recommendations for microphones that are relatively cheap but still good enough to get decent resolution?
I've looked into buying a router, rather than renting from my ISP, multiple times but have no idea what the differences are between a bottom of the line router or a top of the line router.    I would guess the wireless signal strength would be one of the main things but how can I tell by looking at the box what the differences are even for this?  I would be using this for general home use as well as gaming.
My primary wireless router is whatever is built in to my ISP's gateway device, which is subject to somewhat frequent change.  I want to extend this network signal over a larger residential lot.  So I'm looking for wireless extenders that:   Support 802.11 b, g, n, and ac (at least). Just plug-in and work without any compatibility limitations, since I don't get to choose my primary router.  Will most cost-effectively blanket a 1-acre residence where the base router is located roughly at the center of the lot and house.  I.e., if a single extender might be powerful enough to place at one side of the house and reach around the outside then great.  Or, if two or three significantly cheaper ones can work harmoniously from the corners of the house that's fine too.
I'd like to boost my screen space and resolution.  My primary monitor is currently a Samsung SyncMaster 2343BWX: 2048x1152 native resolution running off the DVI output of my GA-H77M-D3H motherboard.  I haven't picked a monitor yet, so suppose I'd like to go up to 4k-class monitors:   Will a single output type &ndash; e.g., either DisplayPort or DVI-D &ndash; be adequate for all monitors and resolution classes up to 4k?  Or would I want a card that offers both? Will any graphics card offering that output be adequate to the task?  Or do I need to look for some additional minimum specs on the graphics card?   I don't do high-end gaming so refresh rates aren't an issue.  My primary purpose for upgrading would be to facilitate high-res photo editing, eventually do 4k video editing, and just get more screen real-estate.
What type of hard drive should I be looking for a Playstation 4? I am usually partial towards SSD over traditional, but I am also open to the idea of hybrids as well.  I have looked into Samsung 850 EVO and PRO SSDs and I have personal experience with SanDisk SSD on my personal gaming computer. These are a little out of my price range.  There are many different sites that recommend HDDs, but I want to make sure what I am getting is going to have great life expectency along with great performance.  Here is a site that has a comparison test between the three different types and their performance (too much info to post on here): http://www.ign.com/wikis/playstation-4/PlayStation_4_Hard_Drive_Speed_Test_Comparison  According to the site, SSD has an overall better performance with the install time, boot time, and level load.  If you would like to recommend companies or even particular drives, that would be very appreciative as well.    Update: I am realized that SSDs are a bit out of my price range for 1TB. So I am going ahead and check out some 2.5" HDDs.
I'd like to invest in a new keyboard - I've been typing on a MacBook Pro keyboard forever and, while I love it, it's time for something new and slightly more ergonomic.   Requirements:   Must play nice with my 2012 MacBook Pro Must not slide around too easily, that's my pet peeve with keyboards Must be affordable (ideally < $200, but much less would be better) Format should be US/QWERTY. Bonus points if I can rip the keycaps off and turn it onto Dvorak, if I ever get the ambition up to do so.   Ideally:   Bluetooth, I don't have very many spare USB ports Have an option to have an OS X-style 'command' key symbol instead of the nasty Windows key symbol. Not sound like hail hitting a tin roof, that makes me cringe when I type.    Not needed:   Numeric pad: I hate those things and never use them anyway Portability: I don't have any issues using my MacBook keyboard when travelling.   I've heard good things about the CODE keyboards - does anyone have any experience with them? Are there other keyboards that might work well for my needs?
Due to the fact that TrueCrypt is "not secure" I've been looking for some other way to encrypt the data.     WARNING: Using TrueCrypt is not secure as it may contain unfixed security issues   You should download TrueCrypt only if you are migrating data encrypted   by TrueCrypt.   Could you provide some information about pros & cons connected with hardware-based encryption? What if the firmware is controlled by a third-party malicious? I'll be glad if could recommend some SSD which cover the following points:   There is no problem with BIOS compatibility. The quality of the encryption is similar to the TrueCrypt. Firmware of the drive haven't been compromised.   By the way... Have you heard about TOMB?
In the event of a catastrophe, it's always good to have a backup of your data. I'm looking for a good hardware solution (i.e. not a cloud or other online-type backup—a physical backup that I can keep with me) that's not too expensive.  I have approximately 12GB of data that I'd like to keep backed up (probably ~20–30GB max). I'd like to make backups no less often than about once every 10 days or so, and I don't really care about keeping 3- to 4-month old backups around.  An ideal solution would have the following properties:   Very reliable (obviously, it's a backup); close to 0% failure rate. Should last for at least 5 years. Not too expensive. Cheaper is better, and the absolute maximum for me is probably somewhere in the ~$100 range. 1TB of storage space at minimum. (Of course, more can't hurt, but this doesn't matter as much as the other factors above.) Should be usable with my laptop (so ideally, over USB).   What's the best backup drive / other backup solution I can get with these criteria? Since I'm pretty clueless about these types of things (which is why I've decided I should probably start making backups soon, as in yesterday), what other thing should I be looking for in a backup drive as well?
I'd like to buy a graphics tablet (also known as a drawing tablet, graphics pad, etc. - see here for some more information). I'm interested in using it for input for CAD programs, some of which use freehand sketching for input.  My criteria (from most to least important):   A price under $150 A low footprint-to-input ratio (for example, a 10-inch diagonal input space on a 15-inch diagonal tablet would be quite wasteful) A diagonal of roughly 6"-9" Wireless connection (e.g. Bluetooth capability). A pen with an eraser A pressure sensitivity of around 1024 An overlay for tracing Compatibility with Windows 7   Things I don't need or want:   An extra mouse, cordless or not, for the tablet A screen (working with an iPad is not what I'd like) USB connection (although this might be nice, as backup) The same aspect ratio as the computer it will be used with (software can take care of this)
I am looking for a way to power on/off a 230V power connector from software.  The most ideal way would be if it could be controlled from linux, but anything could be ok.
I've searched and searched and can only find one 2.5 inch HDD that is larger than 1TB (Western Digital has one model). 3.5 inch HDDs have kept growing to even 10TB, but 2.5 inch drives seem to have hit a brick wall.  Are there any 2.5 inch HDDs larger than 2TB?
I have a peripheral (and occasionally a home server) that hangs and I have to power cycle them to get them to respond again.  I know there are corporate-targeted power strips with the ability to turn outlets on/off over the Internet, but they are usually $150+ which is out of my price range for convenience at home.  Are there power strips for less than $40 that can be controlled over the Internet?  I could get by with only single on/off control (one outlet or the whole strip), but of course, multiple outlet control would be awesome.  This particular device is inside my firewall, but the ability to 'reset' the outlet rather than just turn on or off would allow me to use it on the firewall as well.
I have several brands of home security cameras (WiLife, Dlink, Logitech, TrendNet), but they all have issues with Windows 8 and later.  What home security cameras exist that work entirely without a computer or with the latest version of Windows?  I'm not interested in cameras that require new wiring. I'm looking for cameras that use either WiFi or Powerline adapters.  Resolution isn't a big concern, though HD would be nice. Price is more of a factor, as I'd like to stay under $50/each and no monthly fees.  Apps to view the cameras are a must, the ability to remotely view past motion would be awesome.  These would be primarily indoor daytime cameras without optical pan/tilt/zoom (mainly because I don't foresee any possibility of those features for $50 or less in the near future).  Viewing angle is also not a concern for $50 cameras.  Audio would also be nice, but not required (I point most of them outside, so audio doesn't really work anyway).
I just upgraded to home gigabit internet, but my router can't handle it. What reliable routers exist that can actually handle full gigabit throughput?  I have most of my devices wired, so gigabit WiFi isn't a requirement, though that would be nice too.
I am developing an Android app and have a couple physical devices, however to maximize compatibility with user's potential devices I want to run virtual machines. Currently I have 8 GB's of RAM and usually run 5-10 chrome tabs at once along with Android Studio and one or two emulators.   Usually when the emulators are running I notice a slight slowdown. Would there be any benefit to upgrading to 16 GB's of ram in my case?  Also: the emulators each use 512 MB of ram - 2 GB depending on the situation. Is over 2 GB's practical for emulators or no?  Other specs Intel i5-4670k 120 GB SSD 1 TB HDD 8 GB RAM
I've currently got 4 monitors on my workstation, but I still want more desktop space.  Is there a head-tracking VR headset (either augmented reality or such that a keyboard can still be seen/used while wearing) that could be used as a 360-degree (or even 180 degree) monitor?  What kind of virtual resolution would I end up with?  Is it wireless?  (I realize that it would probably be unpleasant to turn around and use desktop space behind me, but I would at least be able to maximize the use of my field of vision).
For my work, we have to control a 50&nbsp;kW power-station and coordinate different components, including some safety-critical sensors, reactions, etc.  I am considering to use a PLC as a master controller. We have about   30-50 digital I/O (with 10-15 special safety elements) 10-20 analog I/O   The details are not yet completely clear. Nevertheless I was looking for a PLC solution for it, and I don't have prior experience with PLCs myself (but I do with microcontrollers). At first, I looked into the Wago 750/753 Series, which offer some modularity. But then, people often recommend the Siemens S7 PLCs.  This time, it is to build a prototype, but we might expect 5-40 products delivered if everything runs fine.  What is the experience with the Wago PLCs, and how do they compare with the Siemens? And what would an alternative be?
I've been searching for a good earphone for years but they always stop working after a few months. Sometimes its cable simply tears off, disconnects from the 'head' or starts malfunctioning. There was even an earphone that sounded great but then stopped working for no apparent reason.  I want a earphone with those qualities:   Good sound quality - I aim to listen mostly 320kbps MP3 music files with a lot of different instruments/sounds at the same time (progressive, fusion, avant-garde) Reliability - I prefer a not-so-good earphone that lasts for over a year than a great one that stops working after a month  Strong cable - The main reason that I want an earphone and not a pair of headphones is because of its portability, but most phones I had couldn't have their cables a little twisted without sounding worse (sometimes permanently) Comfortability - I tend to use earphones for at least half of my awake time on week days so I want and need them to be comfortable that way I don't need to take it off each couple of minutes or every other hour to avoid hurting my ears   As a plus it could come with a small case to protect it inside my backpack.  How can I know those qualities just by looking at the phone specs? Is there a general way better than asking around or trying out the luck with trial and error? Where can I find a good earphone that's not so expensive?
I'm looking for a good microphone for recording speech (eg. for podcasts, although it might be used for other things too), ideally for under $30.   I'm looking for something that:   Has minimal hiss and reasonable sound quality for its price. Would work with my current setup, which is a laptop + USB sound card.   I know that $30 (or even less) is not much for a microphone, but I should be able to get something better then my current very cheap one.  There are some fairly cheap ones on Amazon (example), does anyone have experience with the sound quality of these? The page states that it is a condenser microphone, so does it require phantom power?  Any recommendations? Any other tips?
I am looking to get a small drone - possibly quad copter style, but open to other recommendations. The thing is, I've never owned or flown such a machine and would like something small and cheap for "training" purposes. The idea is for this particular purchase to be a way for me to see if I'd like the hobby and if so, eventually get something "cooler".  My ideal drone would have    Video capabilities of at least 720p. Live streaming is not important for this training drone Easy to fly for both an adult and a young child Maneuverable enough to go through a wooded area Less than $100 and cheap replacement parts (because I expect to damage something)   I'd like for this to "feel" similar to the larger drones that have GPS and live video streaming. My hope is that muscle memory I build using this can transfer to a larger piece of hardware.
I am searching for a good, fast microSD card with 64GB or 128GB of storage for a reasonable price. Must be compatible with the Huawei Honor 7 smartphone.  I don't know what it is important when buying microSD cards, so I would like some advice and some specific models that are good and have a good price. Do you have any recommendations?
In my case I have been using Raid 1 Mirroring with two disks on an onboard controller of a motherboard that recently dropped dead.  Now I'm looking for a replacement motherboard, but I'm a bit worried about the data on the disks which I really want to recover. Since it was mirroring I half expect any SATA controller to just recognize the partitions and work automatically, but on the other half I guess it might not work that way. I don't have a 2nd system on which I can quickly test this and besides I'm concerned that it could be potentially dangerous to just plug it into any system. Some BIOS might just try to automatically initialize it and destroy some data?  Can I just go ahead and purchase a new board without worries or should I figure out exactly what make / type and version of controller the board was using and try to find a new board with the same make / type / version RAID controller?  For the record, my particular motherboard was a dual Xeon Tyan S2696. It was rendering some footage overnight and in the morning I found it dead. It does not even beep anymore, no fans, no leds, when powered on. The USB ports do get powered with 5V but it looks like there's a swollen capacitor between two PCI-x slots.  EDIT: For example, if I purchase a SuperMicro X7DB8+ as a replacement for the Tyan S2696, would I be able to hook up the old drives and read from them? They both use the Intel ESB2 Chipset, though I don't see and mention of "zero channel RAID" in the Tyan manual.
The baby monitors I have experience with have two channels. The channels are labeled "A" and "B" with no indication of what frequency the two are actually using. Different models seem to use different frequencies for similarly named channels. I make this assumption because two base stations of different models configured to transmit on "A" are not both picked up by the receiving baby monitor. Two monitors of the same brand seem to cause interference if both transmit on the same channel, because the receiving monitors only pick up static.  I'd like to have a single receiving monitor for multiple transmitting monitors. I don't like having to set up multiple monitors to hear if the children are crying while I'm in the basement at night or working outside during nap time. Is there a monitor that allows me to set up multiple monitors in the children's rooms (preferably 3), configure them all to transmit on the same channel, and only requires that I have 1 monitor to receive sound? I don't need to be able to identify which child is crying (as I could when each room had it's only individual monitor/channel). I just need to be able to hear them all so that I can walk into the hallway and determine who's making noise.
I'm looking to build a small FFmpeg based video encoder using a BlackMagic Intensity Pro 4K capture card.  This card requires a PCIe 4x slot.  What's the smallest motherboard/case combination that will hold a 4x card?  There are lots of small barebones systems, but most have mini PCIe (1x) connectors, and all of the PCIe risers I've found are either 1x to 1x or 1x to 16x.  The 16x connector is way too large.  Any ideas?
I have a 72GB (15k RPM) SCSI (SAS) HDD from a server machine that I got from a friend which I want to use in my desktop, mainly as the OS drive, but my desktop has only SATA ports. Some online searching for SCSI-to-SATA adapters (and vice-versa) shows there are some such adapters, but I would like to know if they are actually compatible.  Also, will there be any significant performance degradation? And is using such a setup meaningful/harmful?  Thanks in advance.
For the longest time I've had the old Logitech Z313 2.1 sound system for my computer. After so many years of use and moving around, I'm looking for a more portable and more powerful system.  The Z313's wiring is aggravating. The 3.5mm from the computer goes into a controller, then to the sub, then to the speakers. Also, the sub doesn't have a control to turn bass down independently from the speakers.  So what I'm looking for is a sound system with these features:   no more than $150 2.1 layout subwoofer with: independent control, 20+ Watts, ~6 inch external driver 2+ inch speaker driver flat-bottomed subwoofer would be better than one with feet easy setup, not too many cords (very important)   An inline or onboard volume control is actually something I don't want since I can control volume with my keyboard and directly in Windows, but if a good system has it, I won't mind.
I am looking for portable or medium-sized scanner which can take around 20-30 pages at the same time, scan them and convert into PDF format (compatible with OS X).  Usually scanners having Duplex Automatic Document feeders are available in large copy machines.  Some time ago I've bought Canon P-150M Portable Scanner which could do that, but the document feeder wasn't very good and software was too slow. The main problem was that the paper usually got stuck (more sheets then more chances to happen) and I had to start the scanning each time from the beginning, and sometimes the scanned pages were crooked.  Are there any scanners which can scan A4 pages more efficiently and reliably as described above?  So the basic criteria are:   it can either with printer or without, A4 (with possibility of smaller sizes), duplex automatic document feeder (DADF) with capacity of at least 20-30 pages,  driver (eventually software) compatible with OS X (and eventually Linux), doesn't crook the scanned pages, it's not so expensive not too big (desktop size, not as big as a copy machine)
I think we all noticed the recent Intel Skylake release at IFA and Gamescom 2015.  Skylake brought a new generation of processor supporting a new generation of I/O interfaces, mainly Thunderbolt 3.  As I'm planning to get a Laptop with Thunderbolt 3 very soon I'm looking for a docking station for said laptop.  The station should connect with my laptop via Thunderbolt 3 (preferably) or via USB 3.1 (type C). If there's absolutely nothing supporting Thunderbolt 3 or USB 3.1 (C) USB 3.0 (type A) is also acceptable.  It should feature at least 4x USB 2.0, 4x USB 3.0 (both type A), a HDMI interface and a gigabit ethernet interface. Ideally it would also feature USB 3.1 type C or Thunderbolt 3 ports and / or display port(s).
I'm always looking for ways to improve my security in the internet. As I'm also a programmer and somewhat active on InfoSec and Crypto I decided that a smart card is the way to go.  I'm thereby looking for a smart card (or an USB-token) that has the following qualifications:   Support for elliptic curve cryptography (256 bits+) Support for RSA (2048 bits+) Storage for at least 10 keys of each of them FIPS 140-2 Level 3 certification (preferred) or high Common Criteria certification (EAL 4+) Should be acquirable for private persons (non-companies) Driver (PKCS#11 / CSP / CNG) support for Windows 7 and Windows 10 (both x64), either directly or via OpenSC. Support for secure key backup and key recovery in case of a disaster (e.g. wrapped key exports along with a way to unwrap on a different physical card) For actual cards: Standard physical interfaces (i.e. no vendor-specific card readers needed)   Non-mandatory points include:   Support for custom ECC curves Native support for Curve25519 / Curve448 Support for RSASSA-PSS or ECDSA (without the software doing the hashing) For actual cards: Contactless operatibility Low price (< $100 per piece) Qualification for qualified electronic signatures (i.e. legally binding signatures), preferably under german law
I am looking for a way to construct a two-way communication channel between remote hosts (far away), in big electric smog (large city), but where the weather is mostly clean (some rainy day is not a problem).  I think it could be relatively easily solved by tunneling rs232 through a modulated laser, and tunneling ppp into that rs232.  Unfortunately, googling for different laser solutions, I've found only industrial solutions and nothing in the home budget size.  Do they exist? Its technology probably isn't much more complex, as an infrared tv controller.
I've looked quite a bit through my local electronics stores but nobody could help me there and I couldn't find what I was looking for, so I'm asking this here.  I'm looking for a "router", supporting gigabit ethernet and at least having four ports. This router should also be able to open its own WLAN network as well as act as repeater for other networks. Support for (multi-stream) 802.11ac WLAN is mandatory. Only if there's really nothing supporting 802.11ac 802.11n would be acceptable but it would have to have good sending power and range and support 2.4 and 5 GHz.  You'll scratch your head now and ask: Why can't a plain router be used for this? - I'm looking for a solution that is not a standard home router and doesn't support connecting to the internet by itself as I consider this an unnecessary feature for this device. Its use-case would be to open a new WLAN network at a physically different location from the internet access point.  Bonus points include:   Low price (< $100) A webinterface for configuration purposes Regular updates or really good firmware (really unlikely usually)
Is it worth to buy Thinkpad W520 with NVIDIA Quadro 2000M?  The only difference is connected with the number of CUDA cores and Max Power Consumption. The same Thinkpad with 2000M is at least $100 more expensive.   NVIDIA Quadro 2000M:   192 Cuda Cores  Max Power Consumption 55W   NVIDIA Quadro 1000M:   96 Cuda Cores Max Power Consumption 45W   How will I use it:   Programming Editing raster graphics Occasional gaming (not necessarily new games) Basic video editing (mostly short videos)
What are some good charlieplexing LED matrix boards for the Arduino that use very few pins? About 3 digital pins would be great.  Also, I am looking for a good interface to control the LED matrix.
I noticed that my mouse sometimes interrupts clicking and holding of the left mouse button, and sometimes sends a double click even if I didn't. Now it's probably the right time to buy a new mouse.  Requierments:   not expensive (max price about 40 to 50€; the less the better) Has to be suitable for some occasional gaming (meaning it should be a classical mouse and not a track pad or similar) Non-Wireless, because there is no need for position changing (only if it's a really amazing mouse) A mouse that is able to operate on a plastic mouse pad (preferable) or a wooden table.   Ideally:   some macro buttons would be cool Buyable in the EU (living in the EU it's easier in terms of taxes etc.) Ergonomic   Additional info:   I use my mouse with the right hand As long as it is not a mouse with a ball for the positioning (like in old mouses) I don't care about optical, laser etc.   EDIT:  Even when this thread is already 2 months old I still did not buy any mouse, and still need one.
I want to buy a gaming PC to place next to my TV. To give it the best air intake, and given the (little) space available in the room I have decided to buy a case that I can place vertically.  Ideally, its width would be under 14cm (5.5in). I don't have a restriction on height, and the depth should be under 50cm (~19in).
I'm looking for a high-power wireless network adapter like Alfa products but more powerful. The Alfa AWUS036H is said to be the most powerful one, though its TX power is a little less than Alfa's latest wireless network adapters.   I need a wireless network adapter that has a TX power output of 3W or more and uses USB ports for connection. I'm going to use it on an omni-directional 10W antenna, and to offset the signal loss due to the length of the cable I need a powerful adapter. I don't want to use wireless amplifiers, so the adapter itself should generate the 3W or more.  I've found some 3 or 4 Watt wireless access points from brands like MikroTik but they use Ethernet cables instead of USB. They also operate as a totally different network device and they can't be controlled directly using a computer, so they have many limitations.
I'm interested in creating a video for my cross country team, including several shots while I or another runner am/is in motion. My teammates and I quickly thought of a GoPro camera, but most are extremely expensive compared to our price range (we'd like to stay under $50 $75).  What is a good camera for us?  The specifications we'd like to see:   The camera should be mountable either on a lightweight hat or strapped around the upper chest of a runner The price should be under $50 $75 The camera mounting system must be able to survive leaps, jumps, turns, etc. The runner with the camera may reach speeds of up to 12 miles per hour while running on trails with hilly terrain, so jostling will be an issue. A weight under half a pound 1080p resolution A 180 degree viewing angle A battery life of four hours   We're willing to sacrifice one of the latter three if necessary, but the top two are non-negotiable.
I am looking to replace an ASUS Transformer (TF101). I like the 10.1" form factor as I use it for watching videos more than I use it as an eReader. One of the features I liked about the Transformer was that I could install Cyanogenmod on it as well.  I'd like to upgrade to something more modern. The Transformer has not received a Cyanogenmod update since version 10. It hasn't received an official Android update since before that.  The problem I have in looking for a replacement is that tablets that support the new versions of Android out of the box are smaller form factors (7-9"). The 10 inch ones all seem to be on KitKat or Ice Cream (Android 4.x) versions.  Requirements:   Supports Lollipop or Marshmellow (Android 5.0 through 5.2) Supports Cyanogenmod 12.1 or higher Has decent speakers is a must - I want to be able to set the tablet upright on a table about 3 feet in front of me and hear the sound (the TF101 did not meet this requirement) 10.1" form factor A microSD slot would be a very nice to have A keyboard accessory is optional A semi-sturdy case that allows me to prop the tablet up should exist for the recommendation   My price range is roughly $500-600, but if such a tablet doesn't exist in that price range, I'm open to something a bit more expensive.
I'm quite a clumsy person and so for me phone durability is one the most important aspects for choosing a phone.   Functionally the phone should be a standard high-end phone:   Decent photos Responsive apps Reasonably sized (not tiny, doesn't need to be iPhone6/Galaxy Note sized).    Life events it should resist are:   Dropping on the floor Banging the headphone and other cables while they're plugged in.  Spilling water/drinks on it.
I'm looking for indoor camera (a room) with motion detection feature which can send me reliable videos to my e-mail once movement has been detected.  I'm aware there are plenty out there, but after I've already tested few of them, none of them actually worked as expected (e.g. Linksys and few other), so I believe this is actually hard to find.  I had one WiFi camera which was sending 5s videos with motion via wireless router to my e-mail and FTP account, but the problem was that in all recored videos I could see only the light/contrast changes (especially in the mornings also when getting dark in evenings and sometimes some lights reflecting on the wall from the windows) ending up with hundreds useless video files. I understand there are some options to specify the spot area or sensitivity and I tried to play around with them, but it didn't work, so I believe it just need a better hardware to work properly.  The camera should have:   wireless option, web interface, ability to send e-mails or upload files into FTP, reliable IR motion detection (should ignore contrast changes), record videos with detected motion of at least 5 seconds in length, Infrared night vision would be an advantage smart phone app integration would be an advantage
I rent several virtual private servers to run Team Fortress 2 servers. These servers all run SourceMod (an administration and plugin framework). Individual servers then run various SourceMod plugins to make the gaming experience unique.  I'd like to consolidate all of these into a server dedicated server, which I'd also use to run the MySQL database that our web page uses and a web server to host our forums. These forums receive a modest amount of traffic daily.  Requirements:   Must be able to host 10-14 Team Fortress 2 server instances without causing lag to the players. Each server will host 24 players and approximately half of the servers will be near capacity 24 hours a day (based on current traffic) Must be able to handle MySQL database traffic Must be able to handle web traffic Price range: $100 - $125 a month  Must be on a 100 Mbit line Most players are North American and European. I'd like a hosting location that serves both of these locations and keeps the lag low.   What type of server will be able to handle all of these requirements?
I am looking for pocket-size scanner to scan the receipts. By receipts I mean these which are printed on thermochromic paper rolls on point-of-sale places.  I understand you can use smart phone plus some apps, but here are the main disadvantages which I've found:   some point-of-sale receipts are too long to take a picture of it, it's difficult to find the right angle (especially when you're on the go whole day), it takes too much time of readjusting the camera to catch the focus and not to crop anything, default lossy compression format (designed for pictures) gives later trouble for OCR, scanned receipts are crooked and creased (not flatten), at the end of the day it's difficult to separate receipts from the pictures (I know there are some useful apps for that such as Expensify or Evernote, but I didn't find them so convenient, plus what was already said above), and so on.   Therefore I am looking for a device which is specially designed for that job to make it this task very simple. Especially on the move, so I could throw away the receipt after successful scan. Otherwise text printed on thermochromic paper is very unstable and it's easily get lost (especially some small text such as dates).
I'm looking for portable micro PC (uPC) on a stick (something like Raspberry Pi), but a lot smaller (a USB thumb drive size).  Any architecture is great (ARM is fine), as long as you can install Linux on it (so some storage is a must). Support for Wi-Fi is an advantage.  Here is which I've found so far: Forget Raspberry PI How About Android on a Stick!, but the article is a bit out-dated.
I am looking for mini PC with fairly similar in size (~5x20x20cm) which can outperform a Mini Mac. The size doesn't matter as long it's not too heavy or big and it can be easily moved between home and work on daily basis in a bag and it's easily to use (simple design with not too many cables).  It can be less expensive, but my focus is overall performance power to do LAMP development work. Currently I'm using Retina MacBook Pro which basically crashes quite often when too much stuff is run at the same time. So I'm basically checking what are the alternatives on the market.  So basically it should meet the basic criteria:   CPU clock: at least 2.0GHz per core (dual/quad-core minimum), storage support for at least 1TB (unless it's SSD), memory at least 8GB RAM DDR3, HDMI or similar to connect at least 2 external monitors, HD Graphics: not important as far it doesn't run slow while playing some videos, standard features: Wi-Fi, USB, etc.   I've found so far Intel NUC Barebones Mini PC, but it has only 1.3GHz per core (dual-core) as most of the mini PC which I've found.  Are there any Mini PC monsters on the market?
A small business I do work for does a lot of paper shredding. Currently, each employee has their own personal shredder near their desk. The employees and owners have complained that the shredding is time consuming. They need to feed the paper - usually 3-4 sheets at time - into the shredder, wait for it to complete and then repeat. Each time they start shredding, they have a stack of paper much larger than 3-4 sheets, so it takes time for this process to complete.  The owners would like to replace the individual shredders with one or two office shredders. The idea is that users will be able to drop a stack of 100-200 sheets into a feeding tray and the shredder will ingest them automatically. The user will not have to sit and baby sit the machine during a shredding cycle.  Requirements:   Should be able to handle 100 sheets of paper at a time Should have a large enough bin to collect more than one full batch of 100 shredded papers (this way the next user doesn't have to empty the container first) Should slice the paper into small diamonds, not single long strands of paper Shredder to be able to be fitted with a plastic garbage bag, but also needs to be easily emptied if such a bag isn't fitted Should be durable. There will be at least 4,000 sheets of paper shredded per work week
I am looking for a comfortable BCI (brain-computer interface) device to send mouse clicks for prolonged periods of time (i.e. ~all day long). I tried the NeuroSky's MindWave and the Emotiv EPOC neuroheadset, but they both are quite uncomfortable: wearing them more than one hour is a pain.  It should be compatible with Microsoft Windows and if possible Linux.
I am looking for an accurate eye tracker (a.k.a. eye tracking device) to move the mouse cursor supporting multi-monitors (6 to be precise). Tobii EyeX Controller only supports one monitor as far as I know. It should be compatible with Microsoft Windows and if possible Linux.
I have a Galaxy Note 4, and sometimes it's nice to be able to do proper typing on it, and saving having to carry a laptop around.   I'd like a Bluetooth keyboard I can carry with me (doesn't have to fit in my pocket, it can stay in my bag).   Requirements:   Responsive keyboard. I.e. soft keys aren't going to suit.  Full/large sized. I have large hands, and I need to be able to touch type.  That said, as small as possible. A standard desktop keyboard sized keyboard isn't going to suit.  Numpad, F-keys etc, aren't needed. Just letters, number row, shift, space and enter.
I am going to be building a computer for a college student. He is going into general engineering while he figures out exactly what he wants to do. The budget for this computer is about $1500 USD (just for the tower). This computer will be running Windows 10. He will be using this computer for school work and for gaming. Since this is the first question, I will be asking about the motherboard.  Requirements:   4 slots of DDR4 RAM At least 4 SATA 6Gb/s ports At least 2 PCI Express 3.0 x16 slots Can support at least 1 front USB 3.0 port At least 2 back panel USB 3.0 ports At least 6 back panel USB ports (includes USB 3.0 above) One Gigabit LAN port UEFI BIOS   Not Needed:   Integrated graphics Integrated WiFi/Bluetooth   As this is a new build, the processor is not set in stone.
I'm looking for a ceiling mounted projector for a home theater. This projector will be used to watch movies, TV and play controller based computer games.  Requirements:   Long bulb life (my assumption is that the projector will be utilized a couple hours a day on various activities mentioned above) Should have vivid colors and not have "streaking" during fast movement in action sequences or games 1080p (or higher, if available) resolution Multiple device inputs is a plus, preferably with each being HDMI Small size. "Small" is subjective, but I don't want a giant object hanging from the ceiling. Smaller should imply lighter.    Some bonus features:   On/Off and other settings (contrast/brightness/input device/etc) can be configured to utilize a Harmony remote control Quick On, less than 10 seconds Bulb replacement can be done without removing the entire projector from the ceiling   Most important to me are the first two bullet points.  I've seen and used many projectors that "streak" during fast movement. I want to ensure this does not occur. It would ideally be below $700 and quiet.
I'm looking for thinnest tracking device such as TrackR sticker to be able to tag multiple objects, then track them down using some smart app. For example for organizing or locating the lost items. So basically it should allow me to apply a unique name. Item ringer (ring activated by app) would be an advantage.  I've been using TrackR, but I had some issues when item ringer was activated by itself.  So I'm curious if there are some alternatives to it.
I'm looking for BCI (a brain–computer interface) device with high-range sensitive multi-channel sensors with API in order to program few smart apps/games.  I was playing with XWave headset by PLX, but it simply didn't work as expected. It was quite often complaining the signal was low (batteries or device weren't faulty, as I had them few), secondly it supported only one channel (as far as I remember) so the sample apps didn't work well, but it was some time ago, so I believe things has been change since then.  What cutting-edge headset would you recommend nowadays?  It needs to have API/SDK with good community support and have outstanding multi-channel sensors, so my app is not limited by the device it-self.
I'm taking an AP Calculus AB class, for which I need a graphing calculator.   Requirements:   Last for a reasonably long time (measured in weeks with ~1hr/day of medium use) on batteries, I don't want to be feeding it all the time Have statistical capabilities, I'm TAing an AP Statistics class this year Be usable on an AP exam (for non-USA people, the College Board has very specific guidelines on what calculators are allowed. I'm specifically intested in the policy for AP Calculus AB). I don't want the test trolls to steal my calculator and leave me helpless on the test. Be reasonably rugged, meaning I can throw it in my backpack without worry Be reasonably fast, meaning I'm not sitting there drumming my fingers during a test while it chews on something Be within a budget, ideally < $150. Much less would be appreciated.   Would-be-nice:   Have a rechargeable battery, built in or otherwise Color display, but battery life comes first
I have been using a contour mouse for some time now. It is an ergonomic mouse, however it looks like this:     I find the angle of my hand when using the mouse to be perfect. Vertical or horizontal mice rotate my wrist from "natural" and so this angle is perfect.  I am hoping to find a replacement when my heavily used one dies, but they are currently $69/each which seems excessive.  The middle finger wheel mice also cause my hand to cramp with extended use.  My criteria:   Ergonomic mouse Rotated angle for hand - not 0° or 90°, but a mix Low(er) cost Mouse wheel not with middle finger   Can be either wired/USB. It'd be nice if it had a forward/backward button since those are great.
Due to the fact that typical smartphone durability and battery life of is not not always suited to outdoor conditions, I would like to ask you about some simple mobile phone with dual sim. Second-hand items are acceptable  Requirements:   dual-sim high quality and durable construction long battery life good call sound quality price range up to $100
For a personnal project, I intend to design a board with a temperature sensor, an MCU and a wireless "connector". I would like to have that board powered by battery. The wireless technology is not yet clear, but I am considering which MCU would be the most adapted?  I was considering the following characteristics:   cheap, easy to place and to program, low-power (and probably some sleep mode built in), one 6-8 bits ADC, Some I²C and/or serial connection, one or more digital outputs to, e.g. light some LED.   The precision and speed are not decisive criteria, so proably an 8-bits MCU is perfectly fine.  Semi-conductors companies often provide some comparison tools but those are limited to their own products, like here, SiLabs. But I wanted to know if one/any of you had any experience in that respect, and would be able to recommand some MCU.  The Sleepy Bee or the MSP430L09x could be interesting, whereas the XLP seems overkill.  As it is a personal project, the compiler should not be too expensive, and ideally free.  Can anyone provide me any insight on that?
Is there any nice light-weight e-book reader which is easy on the eye?  Preferred specifications include:    Display: Touch and (Something which is easy on the eye would be preferable) Decent battery life  (I would be traveling a lot, so something which can run for weeks would be very good) Storage: Should be able to store at least 200 books at a time. (That's a threshold requirement. The more, the better)   As I am a traveler, a device which is sturdy and durable would be nice for some quick reads during travel.  Should support most e-book formats like epub, pdf, etc.  As I am an avid user of Goodreads, a Goodreads app or integration would also help.
I own a small diner. I current have a very 1990s Point of sale system that is showing it's age. I'm looking for ideas for a new system with a few features that would help out a lot.   Can handle credit and debit card transactions, in addition to standard cash transactions Can suggest tip amounts (10%, 15%, 20%, Other?) Can handle printing to two locations. The cashier needs a receipt that they can hand to the customer but another receipt needs to go to the kitchen so that the cooks can begin doing their job Bar code scanner, needs to be able to handle Code 39   Currently, handling any non-cash transaction involves a multi-step process with users. User hands card to cashier, cashier asks "Credit or Debit" and then presses appropriate button, cashier swipes card. If debit, cashier points to a PIN pad for the user to enter their pin. If credit, cashier prints out credit receipt and asks for a signature. If the number of steps can be reduced, that'd be great.
I would like to ask you about some external fingerprint scanner with a higher level of security than typical built-in reader.  I have been using several notebooks with built-in fingerprint scanner but it was quite easy to cheat them (I cannot really rely on them as at the first line of defense). In many cases it was not too restrictive when it comes to accuracy of reading, even if the settings of the hardware were selected to the highest level of "security".  Do you have any experience with external fingerprint scanners? Is it worth putting some interest in this topic? Could you recommend something? The price is not the most important, what is important is accuracy (not accepting fake but resembling fingerprints).
I am looking to replace my old, loud, and slow garage door opener. Since I have to do this soon anyway, why don't I buy one that makes my life easier.  Requirements   Must be able to be controlled from a smartphone (supporting Android and iOS) Must remember if it is open or closed and convey that through the phone Must be able to lift a double wide door (current one is 1/2 HP and lifts it in ~12 seconds) The quieter the better   Nice to haves   Quicker than current door Can open or close if left in half open position (at least from phone)   I have found the LiftMaster 8550W that looks like it fits my requirements. Does anyone have any experience with either this opener or brand?
I am enrolled in a Front End Developer course that starts in January. I need a laptop for the class. I am trying to decide between a Windows machine or a MacBook Pro. The class info says that either are acceptable. Will either environment offer me an advantage when doing front-end development or are they both identical? Basically, will both platforms offer equal access to the programming tools I will use or will one platform offer more compatibility?  The course will use HTML5, CSS, Javascript, AJAX, PHP, SASS, jQuery, Angular, Git, and Photoshop.
I want to use multiple monitors for my PC, three in total.  I would like to know what graphics card would run:   2 24" full-HD monitors 1 21" HD-ready monitors   All monitors support 1920x1080 max resolution. My supported connections will be 1 HDMI, 1 HDMI over DVI and a VGA.  I should note that in the future I might upgrade the 21" monitor to a 24".
I'd like to have a simple LED light that I can control from my computer (2012 MacBook Pro). I've heard of Kickstarter projects like blink(1), but I don't want to have it stuck right up against my computer. If anyone has experience with these, I'd love to here it.  Ideally, I'd like to have three or four of these that are individually controllable so that I could make a 'flowchart'-type thing for deployments. For example, a simple Capistrano Rails deployment:   One light for a good connection to the server Another light for a good pull One for migrations and asset precompiling finishing Another for complete success of everything   I would write the code to make all this happen, of course. I just need the hardware.  Requirements:   Be able to output some noticable amount of light. Since I'm going to be using a few of these, they should be individually addressable and the addresses remain consistent over time. Work over, at most, a single USB port with an expander. I don't have a whole horde of USB ports to use. Bluetooth and wall-power would be even better, but that's probably pushing the price up. Have a sane API, ideally something that can be run in bash. Work with OS X / Ubuntu. OS X is a requirement, Ubuntu would be a plus. Be under $20 each. Ideally much, much less   Nice-to-have:   Colored, but that's not a requirement. A single white-or-yellow color is fine. Preassembled. Solder scares me, but I'll use it if I have to.
I lost my LG sound bar remote before I moved.  Prior to moving I had DIRECTV and could use their remote to control the volume on the sound bar while performing all of the satellite functionalities I needed.  After moving I switched providers, this company uses TiVo.  When they came and set everything up the remote was not programmed for the sound bar.  I tried manually setting it but wasn't able to find the correct codes as well as finding the specific remote model that they gave me.  Is there a specific universal remote control that will allow me to connect to my TV, sound bar, and TiVo receiver?
I'm looking for headphones for open-space office environment to filter out other people's noise (chatting, talking on the phone etc.).  Requirements:    They should filter out usual office noise effectively. Filtering should work well with all kinds of music. It will be perfect if filtering works without even listening to music (like an ear-plug).   In the last few years I've used normal headphones which cover my whole ears (Sennheiser HD 201) and ear canal phones (Sennheiser CX-300, CX-300 II). I've found the in-ear phones are better although I'm not completely satisfied with these too. Sometimes I feel that the required volume will hurt my hearing in the long run, so I'm looking for better products.
I'm looking for a power bank to extend the capacity of my action cam battery.  Requirements:   Small enough to mount on a bicycle helmet Its shape fits well to bicycle helmets Possible/easy to mount on a helmet At least 1000mAh capacity   Nice to have features:   No need to power on, always on (I don't want two handle two power buttons, the one on the camera is enough) Easy to mount/unmount (umount for shorter rides, or using more than one for longer rides)
Requirements:   Works properly with Linux 4.9 kernel Easy to insert/remove card SDXC card support (64-128GB cards) SDHC card support   Nice to have features:   USB 3.0 interface/speed Separate slot for SD and microSD cards (no need for an adapter)   I have tried a few SD card readers but none of them worked properly with older Linux kernels/distributions. Usually they recognized the reader and the memory card but there were unreadable files and IO errors. As far as I remember they worked well with Windows so I guess it was a driver bug in Linux.
I am on a headset for work several hours each day. I also listen to music extensively at work.  I currently listen to Sennheiser HD 380  headphones. My headset is pretty low quality comparatively.  What I would like is a good quality headset which has comparable sound quality and comfort.  My criteria:   Sound quality comparable to my current Sennheiser headphones Preferably over-ear entirely (for ambient noise reduction) USB connection (acceptable to have 3.5mm audio input, too)
I had some wrist rest filled with gel but soon enough they started to deform and become more of a distress than something comfortable. One even leaked a lot of gel in my table and it was a bit messy to clean up.   Is there any comfortable alternatives or even wrist gel brands that are good enough to last for over a year in good condition?
I am going to be building a computer for a college student. He is going into general engineering while he figures out exactly what he wants to do. The budget for this computer is about $1500 USD (just for the tower). This computer will be running Windows 10. He will be using this computer for school work and for gaming.   From my previous question, it looks like I will be getting an Intel i7 5820K Haswell. The only problem is that it doesn't come with a heat sink. In my previous builds, the stock cooler was enough to get the job done.   As I will not be overclocking the system, air cooling should be enough. The heat sink must fit the LGA 2011-v3 socket. The case that all of this goes in will be no smaller than an ATX Mid case.  Since there are many options, I will try to narrow it down. I don't care about the noise level, as long as it doesn't sound like a jet engine. It should be more effective at cooling than the average heat sink. I am hoping that I can purchase one for less than $50.  Which heat sinks are worthy of a recommendation?
Mandatory webcomic reference: https://xkcd.com/941/  I want to try creating long-baseline stereoscopic video of clouds.  In order to do this, I need a pair of webcams I can set up 100-300 feet apart to stream video to my laptop.  I figure the best place to set this up is a nearby cliff, but that means I'm somewhat lacking in the usual computer infrastructure (electrical outlets, wireless access points, etc.)  Requirements:   Wifi support, preferably ad-hoc mode. Powered from batteries (preferable) or with an external power supply I can replace with a battery pack. Predictable latency.  If both cameras are showing images from a second ago, it's fine; if one is showing realtime and the other is delayed by random amounts, it throws off the stereo illusion. Inexpensive.  I'd really like to keep this under $100 for a pair of webcams; below $50 would be nice. Support for Linux (preferable) or Windows XP.
I along with my friends are starting up a second-hand book store.  So, we want a portable mobile credit card reader, which is easy on the pocket (as we are a startup, we would be able to shell not more than $100)  As the store is a portable set-up such that it can be moved easily from a place to another place, a nice, portable and durable reader is preferred.  No issues with the compatibility, but an Android compatible device would be preferred in case of a specs tie, as most of the team members have an android device.    From the comments, I came to know that it is called a "Point of Sale" machine, just in case it might help while answering.
I have a Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini phone, and the stock battery doesn't usually last me the full day. Do 3rd party batteries work well? Is there any battery that has a longer life than the stock battery?
I’m looking for a tablet that ships with FLOSS (Free/Libre Open Source Software) only.  For the FLOSS smartphone (which I‘m also looking for), I was willing to accept the compromise that firmware/drivers may still be proprietary; however, this is not acceptable for the tablet. Everything has to be FLOSS.  Price, size, and hardware specifications don’t matter. No need for SIM card support.  Requirements (no compromises):   all pre-installed software (e.g., firmware/drivers, operating system, apps, modifications) has to be FLOSS (i.e., licensed under a license approved by the FSF and/or the OSI) it has a touchscreen it has to support WLAN   Optional (would be great):   slot for SD card USB port (which allows to connect it to a PC where folders/files can be read/written, just like with a regular USB stick) Bluetooth support no void of warranty because of installing a different OS
I want to make an AP from a Linux PC with an USB wi-fi adapter.  My attempts until now weren't really successful; either the driver missed the AP capability feature, or the signal strength was negligible even from the next room.  I would be really glad to reduce the costly buy-try-throw cycle, anybody has a good experience with such a thing?  If it is impossible (for example the power is not enough on the USB bus), PCI card would be also okay (I've tried one with an atheros chipset, but the signal strength was with it also negligible).  If it needs a little bit of sw/hw hacking, it is not a problem.
I've got a 13" laptop that I've had for a few years now, and it's been working perfectly until a couple weeks ago. It's a Dell Inspiron laptop.  However, a few weeks ago, one of the fan has burnt out, and is completely unusable. As a result, the computer overheats fairly quickly, even on minimal usage. Whenever I open up a browser, or my IDE, I run a deep risk of overheating my computer: and as a result, it shuts down immediately.  Are there any good computer fans, ideally powered by USB, that would work as a way to prevent my computer from overheating? It should be able to trap heat effectively from the right side to be vented out. I've got a price range of about $20, and it should be quiet, and durable (last me about 1-2 years) while I wait to get a new laptop :)
What is the least expensive Netflix client device that supports HDMI 1080p output and has a remote control?  It can be wired or wireless.  Bonus points it it has the ability to play video from the local LAN.  I found this Netgear NeoTV box on Amazon for $27.95 plus shipping, and it appears to meet my criteria, but are there any less expensive devices that will do the same thing?
I have a PostgreSQL server which occasionally hangs for a long time on writes to my hard disks. Sometimes the fsync system calls take more than two minutes to complete.  Now I am wondering if moving the database from an mdadm RAID-1 on two hard disks to an mdadm RAID-1 on two SSDs will improve performance.  I know that for random access reads an SSD will easily outperform a hard disk. But that is not very important to me as I have enough memory to cache the entire database multiple times over.  I also know that write performance on an SSD is not nearly as good as the read performance. But I don't know how it compares to write performance on a hard disk.  If I move the database to SSD, can I expect improved write performance? If this depends on which SSD I choose, which specs on the SSD are important for me to consider?
I have a standard SATA drive which I want to access over the network. I have an available 1Gbit/s port on a switch.  What is the minimum hardware which will allow me to connect this SATA drive to the network and allow a single host on the network to speak SATA with drive at close to 1Gbit/s speeds?  I have been looking at NAS solutions, but what I have found so far would have the NAS act as a file server rather than simply encapsulating the SATA protocol in Ethernet or IP.  Is there a piece of hardware, which will just provide power to the drive and encapsulate the SATA protocol in Ethernet or IP?
I'm looking for a dedicated audio recording device. I'm looking for something under $30 (or a bit more), and which:   Has a 3.5mm connector mic socket, which also works with line-level audio. Has good audio quality, which means no noises from the device itself, at least 44.1kHz and stereo recording to WAV or some other lossless format. Has adjustable audio level, as well as displaying the audio level. Bonus points if you can hear what you're recording through the headphones. Bonus points if it takes SD or MicroSD cards instead of having built in storage, both to keep the cost down and because then I can swap out the card when it is full.  I don't really care about the quality of the microphone, as I have my own high quality one. Would be even better if it has no built in mic - again, saves on price, and I would not use it much anyway.   I've looked around a bit, and devices with good quality start at around $60, so if I could get something like that, just without the built in mic and storage, that would work well for me.  Essentially, I'm looking for something like this Zoom digital recorder, but without the built in microphone and a bit cheaper.  Does something like this exist? Any recommendations?
I'm looking for an external USB 3.0 hub for under $50 USD.  Requirements:   USB 3.0 At least 5 ports (More the better) Works on Windows 10 External Looks nice mounted in one place (I won't be moving it, so it doesn't need to be portable or small) Able to transfer data to/from PC through multiple ports at once Able to transfer data between ports directly (Ex: from one external HDD to another)   It'd be nice to have an individual power switch for each port, but not required.
I'm looking for a secure USB flash drive that has built-in 256-bit (or greater) encryption.  Requirements:   At least 16GB USB 3.0 Completely encrypted without third-party software. Having either actual buttons on the flash drive (for a pin), or having to type in a password when plugged into a computer is fine Works on both Windows (Vista, 7, 8.1, 10) and on GNU/Linux Able to change/customize password or pin Cheaper it is, the better, but no actual limit for the price Unable to delete files/format without the password/pin
I'm looking for a fan controller suitable for a high-end PC with the following specs (all are required):   5.25" form factor Material is either completely or partially metal At least 4 fan channels Temperature alarm system Touchscreen display Profiles/presets for storing settings Shows fan speeds and voltages Grayscale color Can take up more than one front slot   And then there's the design. I'd prefer it to look sleek and minimalistic with an easy-to-quickly-glance-at display.  Price isn't an issue.
I'm looking for home mini (or pocket) projector to connect to the laptop and mirror the screen in order to watch videos.  I have less requirements than this question and my budget is lower (ideally below $300/£200).  Requirements are:   compatible with OS X (MacBook Pro) should be fairly small &mdash; mini- or pocket-size have a standard connection such as HDMI or MiniDP available in EU/UK/US
Since Google announced that it would stop producing the Google Glass technology, are there any alternatives on the market?  My requirements are:   modest design, good open-source API/SDK with the community support, built-in camera, display, integration with mobile smart apps
Historically, optical media appears to have been the best choice for inexpensive 10-20 year storage, but over the years, optical storage just hasn't kept up:   CD-R was introduced around 1988 with 600-750MB of storage when typical computer hard drives were around 30MB (20x hard drive storage) DVD-R was introduced around 1997 with 4.7-9GB of storage when typical computer hard drives were around 5GB (1x hard drive storage) BD-R was introduced around 2006 with 25-50GB of storage when typical computer hard drives were around 300GB (1/6 hard drive storage)   What is the most inexpensive option for 10-20 year data archival?  Requirements:   reasonably reliable (maybe 95%) after at least 10 years in typical home storage (on a shelf with temperatures around 70 degrees F +/- 20 degrees) have a reasonable capacity of at least 500GB cost less than HDD, and  be a technology that is likely to still be around in 10 years (no single-manufacturer devices unless they are so popular that working used devices are likely to be available and usable in at least 10 years, like Iomega Zip drives were)
My current router is just not cutting it. It has limited ports (only 2 to be exact) and the signal is horrible.  Here's my situation:   I live in a two-story house which the builder has placed all my cable wires and Ethernet cables in an encasement upstairs in the master bedroom closet. The signal from my bedroom upstairs is horrible however downstairs is much better. I've read somewhere it is better to place the router downstairs so the signal can move upwards but in my situation that is not possible.   What I need in a new router:   multiple Ethernet ports great signal throughout the entire house (even in a room that might be a few walls away from the router itself) secure of course not too big so it can fit in the encasement which is about 2x3' a plus if it supports open-source firmware such as DD-WRT or Tomato cost-effective   The main part is the signal! I don't really want to buy a range extender unless I have to!
What are the laptops which are most suited for data scientists and analysts?  As we deal with heavy computations and also need to generate visualizations, something which can take the toll of it, would be recommended.  Would be preferred if it can help in handling Big Data analytics too.  Even though the analytics is done in the Map Reduce framework (or distributed computing), yet the computations are heavy and time taking and also slows down the laptop in most cases.  So, a laptop with features and OS which is most suited to handle such things gracefully is recommended.  [Price not an issue]
I'm searching for a good monitor for my PC. I currently own a 21,5" ASUS monitor, which is fine; I'm planning on using the one I currently own as a second monitor and get a new one as my main monitor. I'm willing to pay up to 200 €. I want something that's a little bigger than my current one, maybe 23 - 27" tops. It will be used for gaming and all kinds of office applications as well as graphic design (I'm a heavy user). Because of the latter, it should offer adjustable color modes (or at least some reasonable presets) and be energy-efficient. Full HD resolution (1920x1080), not more and not less. 16/9 aspect ratio is a requirement, I don't want 16/10. Must be available to buy in Germany, no imports. Needs to accept HDMI input, DVI is optional. Edit: I don't need internal speakers!  Two questions:   Which monitors that fit these parameters can you recommend? To everyone who has worked with multiple monitors before: Do you think it is important that both monitors are the same size? Is it confusing if one is bigger than the other one (or bad for the eyes or something like that)?   Feel free to point out if I missed some important parameter. Thanks!
I'm currently using a Ye Olde HP Compaq nc6220 running Ubuntu Server 15.04 as a server to run odd jobs in my closet. It's doing fine, but the room can get a little toasty (which is fine) and I'm fairly certain it's not the most energy efficient setup.  Some examples of the odd jobs I run on it:   Downloading the SE data dump about twice a year to a big external hard drive (it's around a 30GB dump) over a torrent Playing music through a 3.5mm headphone jack throughout the day, managed by a cron job Running a very, very low volume Apache server (it's on my local network, so this is basically no load beyond the base Apache-running load) Running low-volume Rails apps Testing whatever else I want   Since it's running Ubuntu Server, I can run almost anything on it. The issue I'm running into is running things that require a 64-bit architecture - the nc6220 is 32 bit.  So, I need something that:   Is fairly cheap (less than it would cost to run an Amazon EC2 server for a couple years, meaning < $200ish, but I'm flexible on the price Has a 3.5mm headphone jack, or a way to output audio to that in some way (I don't care about it having a speaker) Has a USB port or two, for connecting that external data dump hard drive Has an Ethernet port or WiFi Can run a capable version of Linux - defined as being able to run Rails apps and compile C programs. Won't suffocate or melt in a room with terrible ventilation (think about thirty square feet and no airflow)   I'm less concerned about 64-bit compatibility, but it would certainly be a plus. What would work for this?
My goal is to develop an interactive kiosk with only touchscreen available to visitors for a local museum. I must admit that I'm a freshman in this part of hardware world, but I really like the sound of this challenge, so I need to get some info/advice first about kiosk's components.  Regarding to the software part, I'm going to use an Arch Linux OS and develop my own kiosk software for the most minimalistic framework possible. I opt for making an app based on WebGL (because I believe this is my forte), so WebGL Hardware Acceleration must be supported by GPU. In case WebGL would be too heavy, my emergency plan is to build a good HTML site or a standalone Java app (which could be the hardest way, but more efficient).  So now about the hardware:  The first thing that interests me the most are touchscreens - is there a special type of them, i.e. industrial ones, that are appropriate for this purpose? Where to find them and which one would you recommend me?  The computer is covered here Choosing the right hardware for an interactive kiosk - computer
Can anyone recommend some hardware which meets the following criteria:   USB port (more than 1 would be handy but a USB hub could always be used) Suitable for running a reasonably small Linux distribution (No GUI needed. Want to run MySQL and some other custom bits. I'm not quite sure how one goes about installing Linux and configuring on a device without a video out.) Reasonably small (thinking a small router) Low power consumption (less than 10W, ideally closer to 1W)   Just a little background: I'm currently working on some home automation projects and having some USB/serial devices I want to capture data from and log to MySQL.
I'm having trouble finding a solution for setting up a switch for three laptops to two monitors. I'd need a KVM that matches the following criteria:   3 inputs for the laptops 2 outputs to two monitors supporting extended monitor or multiple display (not mirrored), or some splitting solution Doesn't break the bank   Extra details: 3 laptops will be used as sources, 2 laptops have both VGA and HDMI out, 1 laptop only has HDMI out, and all laptops have several USB slots.  I have looked into an HDMI-to-VGA adapter (or even HDMI-to-DVI in case I want to convert all three to DVI). This seems like a good solution for getting my sources into a 4-port KVM.  The real problem I'm running into is the output. I have a requirement to output the source onto two monitors for an extended monitor (so long as it isn't mirrored display which would be useless to my client). I haven't seen a KVM that has dual output from the console but only 1 input from each computer. I considered a DVI or VGA Y-splitter and read reviews that this only allows for mirrored displays. Any ideas? And if someone could confirm the behavior of Y-splitters, that could solve my problem easily.  Honestly, a KVM would be great, but thinking outside of the box would be fine. I have considered RDC as a possible solution to this, but I don't believe my client is technical enough to buy into it.
I'm looking for an external SATA enclosure to host a minimum of 4 standard 3.5" form-factor SATA hard disks.  I currently have a 4-disk enclosure from Vantec that uses a SATA port multiplier but has a drawback that one port always reads as SMART disabled regadless of the disk and overall suffers from poor cooling.  My requirements:   Minimum of 4 disk enclosure for 3.5" form-factor SATA disks Good cooling, ideally low vibration and not too loud eSATA data interface Not a rackmount solution.  This will sit on a desk or on the floor. Ideally can accommodate 6 GB/s SATA III disks at full bandwidth. Externally powered with a switch to turn it off Fairly easy install/removal of disks in the enclosure.   My use case is intermittent backup where the disks and enclosure are only on and spinning during the backups.
My goal is to develop an interactive kiosk with only touchscreen available to visitors for a local museum. I must admit that I'm a freshman in this part of hardware world, but I really like the sound of this challenge, so I need to get some info/advice first about kiosk's components.  Regarding to the software part, I'm going to use an Arch Linux OS and develop my own kiosk software for the most minimalistic framework possible. I opt for making an app based on WebGL (because I believe this is my forte), so WebGL Hardware Acceleration must be supported by GPU. In case WebGL would be too heavy, my emergency plan is to build a good HTML site or a standalone Java app (which could be the hardest way, but more efficient).  So now about the hardware:   The screen is covered here Choosing the right hardware for an interactive kiosk - screen  Next, what about the computer? I thought about something like Hummingbird i2 or Cubox-i4Pro so it would support at least OpenGL 2.0, Wi-Fi adapter, keyboard and all those things and which would be ready to install the OS on it. Also it needs to be compatible with the chosen touchscreen.
I am going to be building a computer for a college student. He is going into general engineering while he figures out exactly what he wants to do. The budget for this computer is about $1500 USD (just for the tower). This computer will be running Windows 10. He will be using this computer for school work and for gaming.  He is hasn't decided if he wants to do any type of rendering yet, so to be safe, lets assume he will be. The graphics card doesn't have to be a power renderer, just something to get the job done.  Requirements:   Must be the latest generation of GPU chips. I would like this to last as long as possible for him. Can play most modern games on at least medium settings. Can help him with at least some of his course work. (I do not know what programs he will use. I also do not know how intensive his work will be.) Support for two 1080p monitors PCI Express 3.0 x16 At least 2GB GDDR5 Price < $800 USD   It would be nice to have it support two 4K monitors in case he wants to upgrade, but it is not a requirement.
Are there any nice and affordable, wearable fitness-tracking devices, which can track calories consumed, burnt and also help manage time allotments to various activities like sleep, eating, etc?    Edited after Mark's comment below:  Cost: Would be nice if it's within $250  Weight: As it's a wearable, the lighter the better.  Battery Life: A decent battery life is okay, as I would be wearing it in my home most of the time, so I can charge it whenever it gets down.  Software Compatibility: If it comes with an app which can show my progress, etc. on my android phone, there's nothing like it.  As I'd be using it during exercise, something which is durable would be nice.
I have an opportunity to buy a used Dell T5400 for a very reasonable price.    CPU: Xeon E5420  Clock: 2500 Mhz  Cores: 4 - Quad Core  RAM: 4GB DDR3  Disk: 250GB  GPU: nVidia Quadro NVS DMS->2x DVI  OS: Windows 8.1 Professional   Obviously this is a work computer. The gfx card is really not fit for gaming (I have the very same model at work, just with 20GB of RAM, tried running some games and the framerate is abysmal). Most likely I'd purchase more RAM, and moving disks from the old computer I'd have some 1.5TB of storage. But the primary decision for now is the gfx card.   My budget for the gfx card is around $250-$300. The primary use would be games, with some graphics editing, programming and home use on the side.  Which gfx card that fits that model, that would fit within the budget would provide optimal gaming performance?
Which of modern (desktop PC) CPUs would provide best performance in single-threaded applications?  There are some games that haven't been optimized for multi-core use, and the CPU speed is their bottleneck (for physics calculations primarily).  I know the end of the line in the gigahertz race were Intel's single-core CPUs of over 4GHz, but then the companies began scaling the speed back while adding more cores or features like hyperthreading. Support for these old extra-fast single core CPUs is scarce nowadays, plus older motherboards, slower RAM and AGP cards would create new bottlenecks, so a more modern alternative would be preferred. So, which of modern CPUs is best suited for this kind of operation?
I currently have 3 Asus VH236H monitors. They are spread across my desk and can be hard to work with. I am looking for a stand or mount to bring my monitors closer together. My monitors have the VESA wall mounts.  Requirements:   Must support my three 23 inch, 10 pound monitors Supports independent rotation, tilt, and pivot adjustments Height adjustable Stable NOT wall mounted. This should use the desk for support Less than $250 USD   My desk is not up against the wall and is about 1 1/8 inch thick. It is made of solid wood, so screwing into it (preferably from the bottom) is not a problem. All that I ask is that I do not have to damage the walls.
I'm looking for a USB GPS receiver for turning a Raspberry Pi into a GPS navigation system.  Requirements:   Thumb-drive-like form factor Compatibility with GPSD Low power (shouldn't be a problem with any receiver, but the Pi is somewhat touchy about USB devices drawing too much power). Price: less than $50   Nice to have:   Support for satellite networks other than the US GPS system. Support for various accuracy-augmentation systems. Magnetic compass.
I'm looking for a keyboard under $100USD for gaming, programming, and video editing. For these, programmable keys are needed.  Requirements:   Extra programmable keys Backlit keys with adjustable brightness(and able to easily turn lights off) Media control buttons (Play/pause/stop/skip) Full sized keyboard (With numpad) Works with Windows 10   Would like, but not required:   I've seen some keyboards with plugs for headphones/USB; having these would be good Having multiple light colors to choose from (If not changeable, a green color would match my PC) Volume switches for PC I don't like really small keyboards, so if its bulky, I consider that a plus.
For a couple years I had a Samsung Galaxy Player.  It was classified as an MP3 player for insurance purposes, as it didn't have telephone functionality, but it was a fully capable Android device otherwise. Essentially it was a pocket-sized mini-tablet.  Unfortunately, I lost it. I'd like to replace it - again without a telephone as I rarely am out of wi-fi range, use my cell phone very little, and don't want to pay data fees.  I've been looking around for a while now, but I have not been able to find any similar devices on the market any more, except for a couple devices aimed at children. The only other Android options I've found are smartphones or larger tablets.  My experiences with 2nd hand devices have not been good, so I am avoiding eBay, Craigslist, etc. Thus, I'm asking if anyone knows of something on the market that I'm missing. Are there any general purpose pocket-sized Android devices without built in telephones being manufactured (and targeted at adults)? If so, what are they?
I have some nice wireless consumer routers, but will soon be running into their limits in terms of bandwidth/throughput capabilities (assuming my ISP delivers on 1Gb connections). Hence, I am looking to roll my own router again for the first time since I started to use WiFi.  I also have an eye on the future (IPV6) and generally like building my own gear. I have enough parts lying around (CPU, case, RAM etc.) to provide most of the building blocks of a nice beefy router.  One thing I don't have, and have no experience with is the wireless card itself - I have never purchased one separately, only used the ones already in laptops or SFF PCs.  My larger machines have all been wired only.  My short-list of preferred features:   Linux driver support (native preferred, not religious about it being open, just stable and performant) 802.11ac/n/g support PCI Express preferred over USB (half height option a bonus, not required) Decent performance (throughput) and range (anecdotal experience is fine)
First of all - I must say that I am not a hardware expert, I am just a simple programmer, and I also not sure this is the right place for this question (but title of site suggest it might be).   I have tried to read a lot about touch screen technologies - but I am a bit in lost here . So many technologies (resistive, capacitive, OLED, PCAP, - everywhere I tried to search explain how they work, but I would not find condition based recommendations)  I wanted to know what types of touchscreen technology would be best for an outdoor kiosk, that can be potentially exposed to direct sun, dust or small debris, as well as rain?  My aim is to build some kind of a self-service "kiosk", the kind you often see at a metro station, or train station, or even ATM's, but this particular one would have to be placed in totally exposed outdoor areas.  I have already built a few prototypes, and totally excluded the IR types (any dust or debris on the edges would compromise performance).   The screen size would be around 17", and the preferred solution would be one that can be covered with 2-3mm tempered glass (meaning glass as top layer).
I work with software development and have some games that I want to play. Games like The Witcher 3, Diablo 3: RoS, etc.  I live in a hot country, so I need something that won't overheat.  Requirements:   Windows 7/8/10 2GB VRAM At least 8GB RAM 750GB to 2TB storage (SSD or HDD) Screen at least 14"   Optional   Numpad Keyboard backlight USB 3.0 ports
I'm looking for a DVD player which is region-free and will play discs from any region, as well as allowing me to skip unskippable titles (usually ads). Like VLC Media player on PC can do, but I'm looking for a standalone DVD player.  Additionally, I'm looking for:   Ability to remember where I was when I turn it off, so that it can resume playing from the same point, and that it can do so reliably. Bonus points if it does HDMI upscaling.   Price-wise, lower is better, and I'm also fine with flashing or hacking the firmware.  Are there any such players ? If so, any recommendations ?
I'm looking for the smallest Wi-Fi AP (access point) supporting either b, g or n.  So I'm expect to be nano/pocket size (either on battery, charge USB or being USB stick it-self). With or without support for external antenna. Price doesn't matter.  Ideally size of EP-N8531, but it's just adapter. It's mainly just for sending SSID around with some pretty much basic Wi-Fi functionality, so I could connect to it.
I'm looking for pocket-size keyboard, so it can be carried between work on daily basis without additional headache. Can either be wireless or wired.  It should work without any lag or known problems (such as easily mistaking ⌘+W with ⌘+Q - and all my tabs are gone). It should be compatible with OS X.  It can be either foldable, rollable, invisible or similar to not take much space when travelling, so I'm not sure which one you can recommend?
I often explore the countryside with my smartphone saddled on my bicycle providing GPS information. This is battery-intensive so I would like to charge the phone while riding.  Requirements:   Not using secondary batteries. Must tap bicycle motion, vibration, solar energy or anything similar Must not make the bicycle sensibly slower: most energy-efficient solution wins Output can be plugged into the smartphone's Micro-B USB slot Under 100 USD
Years ago, I was into home PC DVRs with many tuners, lots of storage, and awesome PC-based playback throughout the house. I started with Beyond TV and when they quit developing new home user features began the switch to SageTV. I ripped all my movies (DVD, Blu-Ray) to an SMB network share (SageTV worked with these). Then Google came along and purchased SageTV and promptly killed it before I was able to switch over from PCs to their set-top boxes.  I'm interested in restarting this home project so that my movie collection is available without a PC, so I'd like a good STB to play them. I prefer to store them in (unencrypted) native format so that menus are intact and no additional compression artifacts have been introduced (not to mention the extra time and computing power required for recompression). Currently I have everything in folders (with VIDEO_TS or BDMV subfolders with standard files inside), but I might be convinced to switch to single-file .ISO format. I'd also like my family to be able to use the devices when I'm not around, so a high WAF is a must. So to summarize, my requirements are as follows:   Pre-built set-top box with remote control (PCs are too bulky/power-hungry and DIY is too much work) At least 1080p playback with output that can be easily converted to HDMI Can play either native DVD and Blu-Ray folders with menus or ISO disk image files At least a moderately high WAF, ie. simple to use playback interface (adding new shows need not necessarily be so simple) Low cost (preferably less than $50, but the WAF is probably of greater weight)   Bonus for:   Netflix player Wired network connection in addition to wireless 4K+ support Smartphone remote control Parental controls (I won't be needing this but I have lots of people who do ask me for advice on these types of things)   P.S. If there is a plugin for a popular STB that adds this functionality, that would be great too, especially Roku (I already have a Roku 2--the old Roku 2, not the new Roku 2!).
My limiting factor from a video perspective at home is now my KVM.  It is DVI based and supports up to 1920x1200 resolution.  If I want to move to 4k I am going to need a replacement.  Can anyone give a specific recommendation in terms of a KVM used successfully with higher (4k) resolutions, or even pointers to ones with these capabilities?  Requirements:   4 Ports minimum 3840 x 2160 Resolution (or better) Supported @60Hz USB/Audio switching supported (USB2.0+ preferred)   Besides that I have no preference for HDMI or DisplayPort, and I am happy with being able to switch audio as stereo (i.e. it does not have to be carried over the same cable as the video).  As an example of something that comes close, but not quite close enough, this KVM from Startech will only support 4k resolutions at reduced frame rates.
When running, I wear a GPS watch to track (in addition to my time) the distance I've traveled and my instantaneous pace. However, I've noticed that arm swing can have a bit of an impact on its readings. I don't have a substantial amount of arm swing, but I've noticed that I get a different pace when I hold my arm still than when I keep my arms moving normally (don't ask how I read it then).  Is there a GPS watch that somehow accounts for this to produce more accurate data?  I have some additional requirements:   The price must be less than $90 - which is somewhat cheap for a GPS watch. The display size must be no more than about 2 square inches. I prefer smaller watches that don't feel overly bulky. The watch must be lightweight. I don't know just what weight is optimal - to be honest, I only notice a difference with really bulky watches - but I'd would prefer, as with the size requirement, for the watch to not be too big. The readouts should include distance, time, and pace, with options for different units (i.e. miles and kilometers). The pace should be accurate to the second - I've noticed that my current watch only does this in multiples of five seconds (e.g. it will rounds 7:03 up to 7:05). Computer connectivity is a must. I've saved data manually in the past, but I love that my current watch can save runs and later upload the data to a computer.   I'm somewhat flexible with these requirements, because I have yet to find a watch with this feature. If I have to sacrifice one or more requirements to find a watch, then I may do so. Feel free to bend them slightly.
I recently bought an 15" MacBook Pro w/ Retina (with student discount and no sales tax) for $2300. Considering I got a pair of Beats headphones too which I plan on selling, I figure my total cost was $2200 for this machine.  What is a Windows-based laptop which is comparable to this? The easy-to-measure things:   15" Retina-quality screen (better than 1900x1200 resolution) 512GB SSD (or higher) 16GB RAM (or higher) Dedicated graphics card that is comparable/better Comparable battery life (rMBP estimate is 9 hours with normal use) Roughly same weight or less (4.5 pounds)   I am also wanting the following, less easy to measure things (or less important things):   Similar build quality, the aluminum case is nice (I do not like plastic cases generally) Trackpad quality that is comparable Backlit keyboard   Ideally the pricepoint is less than $2200 for educational pricing.
I have a rather advanced use-case that I need a KVM-type device for, and I was wondering whether such a thing even existed.  I want a 3-PC setup; 2 desktops (PC1 and PC2) and 1 laptop dock (DOCK1).  I want to connect 2 monitors, 1 mouse, and 1 keyboard.  So far it's relatively straightforward, as I could just switch between the 3 devices.  But here's the kicker; I'd like one mode to output PC1 video to screen1, extend DOCK1 video to screen2, and input keyboard and mouse to DOCK1.  I'd like another mode with that video setup, but inputting keyboard and mouse to PC1.  Basically I'd like to be able to switch between inputting to PC1/DOCK1, whilst continuing to be able to monitor each by outputting each one's video to one of the 2 monitors.  However I want another mode where I can just go dual-screen with PC1 and input keyboard and mouse to PC1, and another mode where I can go dual-screen with PC2 and control it.  Is there any KVM out there able to do this kind of thing?  I guess I'm probably looking for some kind of programmable KVM which allows me to specify, for each "mode", which inputs are routed to which outputs.  Oh and in terms of ports I want to use HDMI for video (or possibly DVI) and USB for peripherals; not VGA or PS/2.
I'm looking for a HDTV capable of playing HEVC h.265 encoded videos from USB/PEN drive. Most of the HDTVs support h.264 standard but I could find any playing h.265 standard.   More over it would be better if it has the below features (not necessarily but better if they are present)   Multiple USB ports Multiple HDMI ports LED display Ethernet / Wifi support 4K resolution class 32 inches or higher 3D   My price range is at most $1800 and it should not be an Android TV.
My goal is to find a USB stick with hardware encryption in order to access the APIs and unlock the partition with a password. The difference between a normal USB stick with hardware encryption is that the pen drive should be unlocked when the computer boots in order to start the OS inside the stick.  Since I have to be able to boot from any computer and use the stick as a "portable guest computer," I need a minimum size of 64GB and good read/write performances, so USB3 should be a good starting point I suppose.  The hard part is that I need a pen drive that will let me use the encryption APIs in order to create and modify from the OS the password.  I don't have a budget for this phase. I just want to create a sort of prototype, test it and try to hack it in order to see if it can be a valid encryption solution.  * EDIT 2 *  The system will work in this way, it's not an hypothesis or a project. We have already done something similar with Software encryption, but we need something more secure (that's why I'm looking for hardware encryption):  1) The computer boots and there will be a password input then two passwords will be available:  1.a) First password -> login into the OS  1.b) Wipe password -> destroy everything  The key needs 2 partitions, one for the system restore and one for the OS. Me and some other people are working on the kernel in order to make it bootable everywhere with multiple OS's (linux, Windows 10 mostly).  For security purposes we need a very specific hardware with AES 256bit hardware encryption and so on
What would you recommend to choose? I was thinking about Samsung 850 Pro and Crucial MX200 but every suggestion would be appreciated. 250GB seems to be fine for me (I have one another 1TB HDD).  My expectations:   sequential read > 300 MB/s sequential write > 150 MB/s low access times  improve compile time improve IDE & Git performance    I rarely do video edit. It is mainly about reducing the compile cycle time and work smoothly on multiple files simultaneously.
I'd like to have a system at home to control my computer so I can boot it to different operating systems remotely and power-cycle it. Rack-mount servers have had this capability for years (IPMI). A few years ago I found an external system that you could plug in the computer power, video, keyboard, mouse, and network that would allow you to fully control the computer remotely over the network (just like IPMI, but for any PC), but IIRC that one was $200+ and I can't even find that one anymore.  I would like a device that transfers the following over the network to a remote computer for complete control from anywhere with an internet connection:   video keyboard mouse power   it must be:   quiet (for home use) less than $100   bonus points for:   CD/DVD drive remote emulation (mount image from remote computer) General USB devices (plug device into controlling computer and use remotely)     Alternative solutions I'm already familiar with that don't fit the bill and why:   Remote Desktop and VNC do some of this, but cannot control power remotely, and can't function without the OS running, so they don't allow remote reboot to a different operating system or remote reboot when a system is not responding. Smart Power Switches will allow remote power cycling but still won't allow selection of a dual-boot operating system.
I'm planning to get a new (2nd-hand/refurbished) system for rendering large POV-Ray scenes. I'm using very large bitmaps as bump map and colormap. I'll usually be running multiple POV-Ray processes at a time to utilize more processor power. (A large portion of the render time is used by single threaded parsing.) At peak moments the memory usage will be above 32GB so I'm aiming at 48GB of memory.  I could choose between a HP Z600 or Z800 with both have almost the same specs (dual Xeon 5570, 48GB) except for the memory speed. The Z800 has 1333MHz memory and is €200 more expensive. How much difference would it make for my workload?
I'm looking for a laptop for school. Here is the kind of functionality that I am looking for:   Play a few games: such as Minecraft. Somewhat graphics intensive. Video Editing to post to YouTube.  Surfing the web: Play YouTube videos in the background and leave tabs open with minimal performance impact Decently fast, hopefully shouldn't lag Should look decent. Nothing like burnt plastic  Around 13-14 inches. It will will be taken it to school and a 13/14 inch will probably work best. This is flexible: 15 inches will probably work fine, but 13 or 14 is the preferred choice Probably Windows. The version doesn't matter. It should be under 400 Canadian Dollars. If it works well, we may be able to go upward of about 100 dollars.   Could you recommend a laptop that meets this criteria?
With the current IoT trend, there are plenty of scenarios that make use of a low-profile, low-power, connected computing device, the best known being the Raspberry Pi. What about security?  Suppose I have a device in an environment that isn't physically secure, but I need to store some confidential data on it. The data volume is too large for a smartcard. What hardware platform would offer some tamper resistance?  The requirements:   Computing power of the same order of magnitude as a Raspberry Pi at least 512 MB of RAM USB or Ethernet connectivity Tamper-resistant key storage and secure boot   I'm looking at a fairly low point on the security/cost price point. Let's say less than $100 — not an HSM. But it should offer some security against a casual attacker. With a Raspberry Pi, it's trivial to pull out the SD card and extract the data at one's leisure.  Is there a similar board at this price point where dumping the requires at least unsoldering the RAM or the flash memory? What about a higher level of security — what's the cheapest device that would require probing inside the package? (Assume no software vulnerability.)  Note that combining an unsecure device with a smartcard does not meet the security requirements, since the card has no way to know whether it's unlocking the legitimate device or the attacker's.  This is for a one-off use, not a mass production run.
I've been focusing on my computer's video and performance so much that I forgot about audio quality, which is surprising because I'm somewhat of an audiophile. So, I'm in the market for a sound card with at least these specs:   PCIe x1 interface at least 5.1 channels 24-bit audio output at least 96KHz sample rate high SNR (at least 108dB)   Things I don't want at all:   a sound card in an external enclosure (or one that includes external parts) FireWire   Maximum price I'll pay right now is $75. I wish I could bump this up to the hundreds, but, alas, money is tight.
I require a cheap and small computer to act as the monitor of a webcam-microscope. The computer must be able to display the output of the USB webcam microscope with as low a time delay as possible (<50ms delay) and display the output on a monitor with a wired connection (HDMI, DVI or VGA).   The computer, USB microscope and monitor are intended to be placed inside a biosafety hood much like this one. It will allow the user to be able to view and manipulate small objects under the microscope without needing to lift the glass safety sash, as one will need to do when using a normal binocular microscope.     I have considered the Raspberry Pi for this purpose, but my question on the RBP SE seemed to suggest that it may not be fast enough for this purpose.   My requirements are as follows:  1: The computer must introduce less than 50ms of delay when displaying live images from a USB webcam with a resolution of 720p.   2: Under US$400 not including the monitor and microscope  3: Have at least one form of hardware video output and have at least one USB port.   4: Preferably fanless, as fans may disrupt the airflow within the biosafety cabinet.   5: Preferably has integrated Wifi and Bluetooth for remote access to save data without needing to place USB drives into the biosafety cabinet.   One method to quantify the webcam time delay would be to point your webcam directly at the computer monitor, and observe the nesting of images. The rate at which the images nest into each other allows the approximate time delay to be measured.
I have an HP Envy 15t laptop computer. I recently purchased the Creative Fatal1ty headset for my computer, and because the HP Envy only has a headphone/microphone combo jack I purchased this adapter.  I can hear sound through the headphones but the microphone is not working. I tested the microphone on a different computer with two separate audio jacks so I know that it works, and I tried the adapter on my iPod and my cell phone and it still did not work. Did I buy the wrong adapter, and if so, what should I buy?
There are a few SDHC Cards with WiFi, but I find it difficult to understand what they can actually do, and even harder to find out how they do it.   I would like a card that is "developer friendly" and lets me access it through an API of some sort. I know that the FlashAir card has a developers site, but I find the product information lacking for the competition.  An example of a simple task could be to automatically download all RAW files from the SDHC card and convert them to JPEG on the computer.  Things that would be interesting to know are:   Can the card be accessed through open protocols, or do you need a proprietary library? If you need a lib, which platforms are supported? Are there licenses or any other restrictions on developing and distributing apps for the card? What capabilities does or doesn't the card have? Read, write, access without user interaction through some kind of pairing for example.
I am looking for a hands-free stenomask for speech recognition. The Sylencer SmartMic SM 100 and 200 has a snap-on head-strap option available, but the strap is not comfortable. What are other good options?  I don't want the microphone to be fixed on a stand in front of me, like this one:      Here is the Sylencer SmartMic SM 100 and 200's snap-on head-strap option:
For years now, the only webcam I've (rarely) used is the Logitech C200. This is by far outdated now and I'm looking for a high-quality, powerful webcam that would be ideal for streaming. I've looked through the well-known Logitech webcams, and there are some good ones but not quite what I need. These specs are required:   1080p resolution H.264 video compression manual and/or auto focusing > 30fps (something around 45 or 60 fps is ideal) USB connection 5 or more megapixels (optional, since this is almost nonexistent)   Optionally, an independent stand and built-in stereo mics would come in handy every now and then.  Budget: $100 USD
I am going to be building a computer for a college student. He is going into general engineering while he figures out exactly what he wants to do. The budget for this computer is about $1500 USD (just for the tower). This computer will be running Windows 10. He will be using this computer for school work and for gaming.  I just about have all the parts picked out, but I need a way to power them.   Requirements:   24 pin ATX power connector 8 pin CPU power connector 80 Plus Platinum Standard size Can power 140W processor, 300W graphics card, 2 or 3 3.5" 7200 RPM hard drives, one SSD, and ~5 fans Costs less than $200 USD   Nice to Haves:   Fully modular Dedicated fan   I will be getting this motherboard, processor, and graphics card for reference. What is a good power supply that meets my requirements?
I want to buy a QWERTY keyboard which has features like the Razer Deathstalker Switchblade UI. It must have:   Customizable touch input Standard US QWERTY keyboard layout Wired USB Under $150   In short, I want a cheaper version of the Deathstalker. Is there any keyboard that meets these criteria?
I have a notebook: HP PB 4540s. It contains:   MB: Hewlett-Packard 17F6 CPU: Intel Core i5-3230M 2.60GHz RAM: DDR3 Kingston 8GB 1333MHz GPU: Intel HD Graphics 4000 300MHz 1x VGA and 1x HDMI   I plan to buy two AOC i2369Vm 23" monitors. I want to use monitors without the display my notebook has. I quess I will have to connect one monitor using VGA and the other through HDMI. Will it work? Will there be huge difference in quality? Would this be a solution to display differences? What would you recommend me to do/buy so I can work on two monitors?
I use the Magic Mouse a lot. I find it extremely precise and convenient for text, video and design tasks.    I also like the way it looks, and the fact that it doesn't use a USB port.  Having recently started to learn 3D with Blender, I believe I am entering a domain that this mouse is clearly not designed for.  So I am looking for a mouse that would be good for 3D (three buttons, scroll-wheel in the middle), that doesn't look too ugly on my desk, and whose shape wouldn't be too different from the one of the Magic Mouse so that my hand can get used to it quickly when I switch back and forth. Also, it would have to be Bluetooth.  I looked on many websites, but the first thing that happens is that I can't find anything that seems to meet these requirements, or the second thing that happens is that most brands are brands I've never heard of and don't know whether I can trust them with my money or not. I'd rather avoid buying 20 different mouses (mice?) until I find one that works on Mac / is sturdy / works very well / etc.  So far I've been using a Logitech M185, which isn't very beautiful, and also needs a USB port to work (it's wireless, but you need to plug a transmitter/receiver in the USB port for it to work).
I'm a graduate student looking to test an experimental spectral imager. It's basically a camera that can see lots of different colors instead of just red, green, and blue (RGB).  I'm looking for a small display that I can easily use to display our test images:   Less than 2 inches in width Less than 2 inches in height At least 256x256 resolution &ndash; the higher the pixels per inch the better At least 3 colors, RGB is fine Portable (I need to take this across the US multiple times in the next 6 months) Less than $2,000 USD   Something like the display on the Apple Watch would be perfect.  Here's the important part: A computer program reads the camera output then determines what to display next and does that repeatedly until the calibration sequence is complete. Using a computer, I need to able to set the individual pixels to either red, green, or blue. I would like to use it as a second monitor for my computer. So an HDMI, DVI, or DisplayPort connection would be ideal. I'd also be okay with a USB-controlled display.  My technical background: I'm comfortable with MATLAB, Windows 7, OS X. I also have about 6 months of experience with Python and LabView.   I don't have a strong electronics background; don't ask me to use something that requires building/soldering a circuit.
I'm trying to decide between two computers that will be used for graphic design, heavy adobe usage - Illustrator, Photoshop, InDesign, etc, as well as some web design work as well. I have the Adobe Master Collection CS6 installed on my current computer. I have it narrowed down between these two computers:  ASUS ROG G751-DH71 MSI GS70 Stealth Pro-072 I'm having a hard time determining if one is better for graphic design, over the other, or if both would work equally as good. I'm getting conflicting stories from salesmen.  From what I can tell, ASUS has better video memory - 4GB GDDR5 vs 3GB GDDR5 on the MSI The ASUS also has Nvidia GeForce GTX 980M vs 970M on the MSI The video memory and graphics card specs I don't know anything about (I hate to admit), other than they're high numbers and higher numbers usually mean better.  The ASUS can be expanded to 32GB Ram, while the MSI Stealth maxes out at 16GB. I'm confused on this one. The salesmen at the stores are telling me that anything beyond 16gb ram is overkill, but when I look online, they say at least 24GB ram for graphic design. When I checked my ram usage, I had Illustrator running, Photoshop, virtualbox and opened a 1.4GB Photoshop file, while also trying to open a large Illustrator file and didn't go beyond 10GB ram usage.  The MSI Stealth has a 5th generation Intel processor, while the ASUS only has a 4th generation. My other main concern is the memory card reader, which I use quite often. The MSI supports SDXC, SD and SDHC, while the ASUS only supports SD and MMC I'm told the ASUS has a better screen - IPS - but looking at both of them in the store, they both seem equally as good. ASUS also has something called a Thunderbolt port? Since I don't know what this is, I'm guessing it's not a spec I need to worry about. ASUS CON  I read that the audio quality is bad. I couldn't really test the audio in the store.  Soft touch coating wears off?  MSI CON  No DVD drive. Despite what I'm being told, I still use the DVD drive, but this isn't a deal breaker, I could also get an external drive.  -- UPDATE-- The MSI is about $2000, the ASUS about $2200. The MSI comes with a 1TB HDD + 512GB SSD. The ASUS has a 1TB HDD + 256GB SSD. However, if I go with the ASUS, I was considering swapping the SSD for a 512 before even taking the computer home.
How can I find a replacement heat sink/fan assembly for a graphics card? Are there any standards as to size and screwhole placement?  I have a fairly old PC, to which I wanted to add a USB 3.0 card. Unfortunately, the heat sink on my video card (a PNY GeForce GT 430 RVCGGT4301XXB) hung right over the only 1x PCIe slot on the motherboard. As an experiment, I decided to take a Dremel and cut off the fins of the heat sink in the way of the other slot.  The Dremel process was a huge pain and the end result was very messy, but it seemed to allow just enough space for the other card. Unfortunately, although the video card worked initially, it shut down the (HDMI) video signal after a few minutes. I rebooted and confirmed a recurrence of this behavior.  I'd like to replace this heat sink/fan, preferably with one that doesn't stick out quite as far over the other PCIe slot. Is this possible?
My wife and I have different noise-cancelling headphones that we prefer for air travel, but they are too quiet when connected to an iPad with a headphone splitter.  I purchased a portable battery-powered splitter/amp, but the volume outputs are so different that we can't both comfortably hear.  I need a headphone splitter/amplifier with the following characteristics:   standard 3.5mm headphone jack input portable (pocket sized) battery powered at least 2 standard 3.5mm headphone outputs, preferably 3 separate volume control for each output $50 or less   I would also accept a multi-device solution (separate in-line volume controls, for example), as long as the total price still fits.
I am in need of some memory for my incoming Brix Pro. The spec sheet says it only accepts 1.3Vdc DDR3L. A quick shop around and I've found 1.3V DDR3L SOMDIMMs which have better timings versus 1.3Vdc.  What is the difference between 1.3Vdc and 1.3V? Can I use 1.3V RAM in place of 1.3Vdc?
I have several Bluetooth speakers I can use on my smartphone but I'm wondering if there is any way to connect them via Bluetooth to my PC?  I thought there may be a gadget out there which connects my smartphone to my PC or maybe even some software which makes this connection.   Maybe there's a special dongle I need?
I tend to use my phone as almost a mini-laptop. What that means is, I use a lot of data whether it's web browsing, looking at funny pictures, streaming music/videos, using Skype, etc.   On my previous phone (an iPhone), intense data usage can drain my battery at a rate as fast as 20%/hour. This means that I can only use my phone for 5 hours.  Thus, I am looking for recommendations for a functionally high end Android phone with emphasis on battery life.  More specifically, it should:   Run any reasonably programmed Android app/games without any noticeable slow down. Fits in my pocket,   In fact, I think the iPhone 6 is too big. I actually prefer a size smaller than that. But as long as it can fit in my pocket I'm fine.  Can sustain for as long as possible (preferably 24 hour) under intense data usage. Is actually a phone. (i.e. can make calls, send text, etc.)   Anything else is a bonus, but do please let me know if there are any major caveats. (e.g. if the phone typically dies in 1 month, let me know about that..)
Can you recommend a good monitor with a high quality display which gives me the feeling of a Retina display like the MacBook's one?  I'll use it with a 2015 13" MacBook Pro w/ Retina.  I tried the Dell U2515H 25" and is not right for me. Too big, I can not work and especially I do not see as I will.  I would like to try to max with a 23", but maybe 21" would be better.  And above all: high DPI rate.  The Retina MacBook 13 2015 spread on a 13-inch 2560x1600 resolution: 220 DPI.  I work as programmer and writer and spend many hours at the computer.
Desired Specifications:   Auto-movement depending on the movement of the speaker (Auto-follow) HD resolution (720p) Should be compatible with live streaming Below $1000
I'd like to use an Asus H81T motherboard for my next desktop, and wanted a fanless case for it.  I found the Akasa Euler and Streacom FC8 and the FC8 is the clear winner since it gives me enough room to put 2 disks in the box as well as letting me include an optical drive.  Problem is that looking at Streacom's system-build guide about where the CPU should be placed for FC8's heat-pipes to be usable, I get the impression that the Thin-ITX form used by the H81T puts the CPU too far from the backplate.  Can someone confirm (or deny) that the FC8's heat pipes can be used with a Thin-ITX motherboard such as the H81T?  Alternatively, what other cases would you recommend for a fanless system that can host a Thin-ITX motherboard and with room for an optical drive?
I'm looking for an MP3 player mainly for listening to podcast.  Must have features:   MicroUSB cable (for data transfer) 512 MB internal memory or more Buttons for seeking backward/forward 2-5 seconds (in case of missed words) Easy to handle in a pocket (without looking at it) Delete files from memory function Linux support   Nice to have features:   Standard/replaceable batteries (AA/AAA) Can be used during charging (if battery is not AA/AAA) Bookmarking, advanced bookmarking function (mark files as listened, etc.)
The E Ink Carta is the electronic paper display used in the Amazon Kindle Voyage and latest generation Kindle Paperwhite ebook readers. It has 300ppi resolution, a very good contrast ratio and excellent readability even in direct sunlight.  The current Kindle lineup includes only readers with 6" displays, which many people find too small for comfortable reading. While larger ebook readers exist on the market (such as Amazon's own Kindle DX), none of them seem to have a display as good as the E Ink Carta in terms of resolution and contrast.  Interestingly, the Carta product data sheet states that sizes up to 13.3" are available from E Ink to manufacturers. Which end-user products contain those larger Carta displays? In particular, are there any ebook readers (current or planned) with a Carta display larger than 6"?
I'm looking for a prosumer FDM 3D printer.  I have the following requirements, in order of importance:   2+ printing nozzles <= 40 micron layer height. Capable of printing in all commonly available plastics & support materials, e.g. PLA, ABS, PVA, HIPS, Laywood, TPU etcetera. Capable of printing high-temperature materials such as Polycarbonate, PET & Nylon Not dependent on proprietary consumables supplies - able to use generic 1.75 or 3mm filament. Large print volume - 200mm+ in at least one dimension. Capable of running from an Australian 240V power socket. Enclosed cabinet. Capable of operation with open-source software. Low cost:- must be below $10,000 AUD, preferably below $5,000 AUD. Australian supplier.   I'm aware that there is probably no machine that meets all these criteria, so preference will be given to recommendations that address the criteria in top-to-bottom order.
I am thinking about upgrading my laptop and I cannot decide between the two following Lenovo laptops:   Lenovo G50 Lenovo Z50   Both laptops are priced at £499. One contains an AMD FX-7500 APU, an R7 dedicated graphics card, an SSHD and a 1080p screen. The other contains an i7-5500U without an SSHD or a full-HD screen. Both come with 8GB of RAM.   The laptop will be used for video editing, work (Word, PowerPoint, etc.) and some occasional casual gaming (not as important). Any advice or help would be appreciated.
I am looking for a very large power bank, as I am very bad about charging my devices. Ideally the power bank I am looking for is as follows-   Under $200 Over 30,000 mAh Flat and small so that it can be mounted in a backpack Weighs less than 10 lbs (or 4.5 kg) Not jagged: this has to be carried around, so I need it to not hurt me   I have had a hard time finding reliable sellers for such a thing, so make sure the battery you are looking at isn't a scam.   I am willing to give up on the weight if that makes this impossible. I am also willing to go over budget but not to a massive degree. ~$50   It seems strange that I essentially want a car battery for my laptop, but I would find a thing to be very useful.
It seems these days people (and thus laptop manufacturers) don't care about how long a laptop lasts for, since I guess they don't care how wasteful it is to buy a new one every year or two.  Well, I do. I realise that depending on my buying choices, I could spend about the same amount of money getting cheap laptops every three years rather than a durable laptop every ten years. This isn't about money. This is about reducing my ecological footprint and my electronic waste. (Actually, it would be about money if the hidden environmental costs of manufacturing an extra two laptops per person every ten years were properly accounted for by our governments through regulation. But they aren't. So, I'll have to do the accounting myself.)  An honest person will admit that high-powered games notwithstanding, laptops have been doing largely the same thing for about ten years and there actually hasn't been a real need to increase performance for a long while, in spite of what the laptop manufacturers and microsoft may say. That's why I think ten years is a fair target to set for my next laptop's lifetime. Is there any laptop with a warranty that comes close to that? What's the best there is right now? Are there some older (2 years maybe) laptops that, though their warranty may not cover continued use, have withstood the test of time and are known for their durability?  My current one—an IBM Thinkpad X40—is actually about that old now. Though it still works amazingly well, due to the general sloppiness of the people writing the more mainstream software I have to run a lightweight Linux distribution (archlinux) on it to get reasonably good performance. This is becoming increasingly annoying. Hence this search for a replacement.  So, in summary,   Durable. ~10 year lifetime. With warranty would be preferred, but I realise that is just about impossible in this industry at the moment. Without a warranty, the lowest 2-year failure rate possible will have to suffice. Anecdotal first-hand experience suffers from survivorship bias (just think Apple fanboy effect), so such advice isn't reliable. Suitable for general use, i.e. WWW with javascript, HTML5 and video, which is about the hardest thing this laptop would ever have to do. Any new high-powered games are completely unnecessary, and probably impossible in any case, since I'd be running Linux. Capable of running Linux. This one is virtually guaranteed, though, so don't discount a certain machine you have in mind because you're not sure about this.   There are other things that make a good laptop—good battery life, low price, nice and light, etc. All this is nice, but strictly optional, especially since many compete directly with reliability and durability, especially price and weight.
I am looking for a laptop that would be very high-end graphic wise, and that can be used for rendering and 3D modeling. There are a LOT of high-end laptop reviews out there, but most are gaming-oriented, and although there are a lot of common requirements between gaming and 3D modeling/rendering, it is not exactly the same.  Software used:   3ds Max (Vray + real time) Mari Autocad Rhino 3D Solidworks Adobe suit (mainly Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects)   Requirements:   Solid heavy-duty build (especially hinges) &ndash; no plastics, I travel a lot CD bay (not really a must but a huge plus) 2+ HD bays (see CD bay above) No bigger than 15" (actually my yardstick is a keyboard with no numpad...) HDMI and normal 16-pin RGB (VGA) outputs High res (1920x1080 and above)   My last laptop was a semi-custom-made HP 8530P (11,500 euros!), which unbelievably is still working with current versions of all above listed software (and it is 7 years old.. At that time it was the only model with 1920x1080 screen. And again, we are talking 7 years!). I had upgraded it a lot over the years (2 SSD, RAM), but still &ndash; it is impressive.  Right now I am looking into the Alienware 15 or 13 (a bit bulky), Origin 15s Pro, HP Z series or EliteBook, or Aorus 14. All of them without CD bay, but I am really open to suggestions.  Last fact: since it is for professional work, budget is not an issue. My last laptop mentioned above paid for itself in 3 weeks!
My mother is looking for a surveillance system for her office, and also wants to buy a server for file sharing/storage (shared folders/drives primarily). I am wondering if there is any surveillance system that includes a web server capable of handling the cameras and the file sharing.  This is for a small office only 2-4 computers sharing files. And the number of video cameras would be 8, and they need to be able to stream via the internet. The video cameras need to have good resolution. Most likely 4 video cameras outdoors, and 4 indoors.  If no such system exists, I am curious to know if having 8 cameras would require a very expensive server to keep them up with the file sharing at the same time.
I'm looking for MicroSD cards for my Mobius action cam. It's manual says the following:     For the best compatibility use cards with a class 4 rating if   you have them. There is absolutely no advantage in using    cards with a higher rating.   Despite of the manual above I have problems with a Kingston 64GB class 10 card (MBLY10G2/64GB or SDCX10/64GB) formatted by the camera to FAT32. (I was not able to find any SanDisk nor Kingston 64GB class 4 microSD card, class 10 is the minimum in this size.)  I use MOV file format, 1080p 30fps and super quality. Using MOV file format also means that the last second of the previous file is repeated at the beginning of the next file when the camera starts a new one.  Using Kingston SDCX10/64GB every file (except the first one) has a few bad frames between the 2nd and 10th seconds and there are 2-3 missing seconds in the video as well. MPlayer on Linux (as well as VLC) prints lots of these errors while I'm playing the first 10 seconds:  Error while decoding frame! [h264 @ 0x7fb839d08440]AVC: nal size -1790556904 [h264 @ 0x7fb839d08440]AVC: nal size -1790556904 [h264 @ 0x7fb839d08440]no frame!   I guess it's because of the one second overlap, the memory card could not cope with the double amount of data when switching files.  I'm afraid plain 64GB class 10 cards could be also too slow for this scenario. So I'm looking for a MicroSD card which 100% works with Mobius action cam, MOV file format, super quality, 1080p 30fps. (I would also appreciate experience with other cards which has the same issue as the Kingston one above.)
I am going to be building a computer for a college student. He is going into general engineering while he figures out exactly what he wants to do. The budget for this computer is about $1500 USD (just for the tower). This computer will be running Windows 10. He will be using this computer for school work and for gaming. All the components that I(read: we) have picked out for this computer need a place that they can call home.  I am looking for a computer case that fits the requirments:   no smaller than an ATX-Mid case can support all picked out parts (listed and linked below) easy to work with, meaning no strange support bars, opens up fairly well, and drive bays are organized. have adequate air cooling capabilities for gaming and rendering at least 2 front USB ports   Optional:   at least one 5.25 drive bay in case he wants a CD drive. easy to move. Anything like handles that help move a tower around. bottom mounted PSU that allows the fan to be facing downward at least one of those USB ports being USB 3.0   The parts I have picked out are: ASRock Fatal1ty X99M Killer motherboard, Cooler Master Hyper 12 EVO heatsink, EVGA GTX 980 graphics card, and the Corsair AX760 power supply. I will also be getting two 3.5" HDDs and one 2.5" SSD.
I'm working on a project to connect a Finch bot to a Raspberry Pi, with a portable battery pack for power (the battery pack provides two USB type-A outputs). Normally, the Finch runs on a long USB cable from a computer, so it gets both power and data via its one type-B port. For this project, I need to provide data from the Pi, and power from the battery pack to the Finch. I want to avoid using a USB hub, if possible, because all relevant hardware must be mounted onto the Finch.   So, could I split open some USB cables, and connect the data wires to a USB cable coming out of the Pi, and connect the power wires to a USB cable coming out of the battery pack (thus ending up with a kludgy Y-split cable)? It seems like if this were possible, the cable would already exist, but I haven't found one. Before I go nuts with the soldering iron, can I get some feedback?
I want to buy a computer/laptop/tablet/whatever-computing-device for a blind user who’ll operate it while lying in bed. It will primarily be used for plain text notes, emails, browsing the Web, and listening to podcasts and videos, so the hardware specs shouldn’t matter much.  It will be operated by using a physical keyboard and by listening to a screen reader.  Features:   It should have no screen; or at least a screen that can be turned off permanently (so that it takes no power).  It must support WLAN. It should support Bluetooth. If built-in, the speakers should be good; so that listening to the screen reader and podcasts won’t be unbearable (like it’s the case with many speakers in monitors). If built-in, the keyboard should be good: not tiny, not these very flat keys, each key must be easily distinguishable, the marks on the F and J keys should be prominent.   I don’t know which category of computer would be the most suitable; I guess any could work:   It could be a device standing on a table in the same room as the bed (like a desktop PC, laptop/netbook/etc., tablet, smartphone, etc.) that gets operated via Bluetooh keyboard (and possibly Bluetooth speakers) … if that’s even feasible? It could be a notebook (or netbook etc.), used on the lap. But I guess the (switched off) screen would be hindering (tipping over because the screen is heavier) and heat generation might become a problem if used for a long time in bed. It could be a specialized device for blind people (I know there’s one where the computer and speakers are built into the keyboard, so to say; but it doesn’t allow you to install a full-featured operating system).   If it’s a device that allows installation of a PC operating system, I’ll install a GNU/Linux distribution (Debian or ADRIANE). If it’s a mobile device, the OS must have a screen reader.  Budget: < 600 EUR. It will be used in Germany.
What are currently the best low-cost (< 1000 USD) depth sensors in terms of:   range (at least 3 meters, the more the better) size power consumption (preferably USB powered) spatial resolution/accuracy depth resolution/accuracy robustness (lighting conditions, amount of unknown pixels)   After Primesense was sold to Apple, there hasn't been a single obvious choice for a robot depth sensor.  To my knowledge, Kinect v2 is the most accurate, but it's quite big and requires an additional power supply and a terrible amount of extra cables and adapters:   Furthermore, I could not find if libfreenect2 can be used in commercial products. Being Windows-only would be a huge turn-off.  SoftKinetic DS-311 is perhaps the closest to what Primesense used to be, but maybe not as accurate.  Here are some other low-cost cameras that I found, but they have a short range:   pmd[vision] camboard nano SoftKinetic DS-325   and others with a long range but high cost:   Panasonic D-Imager pmd[vision] CamCube 3.0 SwissRanger SR4500 Odos Imaging Real.iZ-1K   What upcoming sensors are there? I found Orbbec Persee, which is coming soon and claims to be the best in everything, but looking at the image is not very convincing:
Many MacBooks don't have an internal CD drive, notably the Air, and as a result, people who have CDs are forced to get an external drive. I love music, and I've got tons of it on CDs, so I want a drive.  But the drive that Apple sells is ridiculously expensive, coming up at $99. There's mixed reviews about it as well.  I'm looking for a USB 2.0 external CD drive with decent read/write capabilities. It needs to be compatible with OS X and ideally with Windows as well. It should be fairly fast, and look decent as well.  I'm willing to spend up to $20 on this. I'm flexible on this, but I don't want to spend a lot of money on something that previous came "standard" on laptops.
So basically I have a laptop with a fried motherboard. Everything else works: HDD, RAM, CPU, screen etc. Replacing the motherboard is too expensive because it's half the price of the laptop and I'm poor. I need a computer badly. Can I somehow buy a different, cheaper laptop motherboard to connect to the monitor, mouse, keyboard and add RAM, HDD, CPU? What should I look for in a laptop motherboard so it would be compatible with the CPU? Is socket type enough? I do not care about the exterior or that it wouldn't fit in the case or anything else.
I'm looking for hardware (or dedicated server options) that enable time synchronization to within +/-200ns of UNIX Epoch. I've started looking at GPS referenced bus level timing (PCIe) in the $2500 range. While cost is a significant factor, I'm very interested in the value of support and strength of the API.
I'm looking for a laptop for programming with:   Weight: <= 6 pounds Display: 15+ in; Full HD (1920x1080) RAM: 8GB CPU: Quad Core OS: Windows 10 Storage: 256GB SSD GPU: Integrated (preferred) or gaming oriented (Not looking for CAD capabilities)   Pluses:   Fingerprint reader   Budget: I'm willing to spend up to $2000  I've looked at the Lenovo T540p but don't like that it's missing three button navigation that was reintroduced with other models. The Lenovo W541 comes with three button navigation, but has a CAD oriented GPU with no option to downgrade to integrated.
I run multiple machines to perform various tasks related to both work and personal hobbies. These machines run a combination of Linux and Windows and a variety of services ranging from Microsoft SQL server, Maria/MySql, build bots, web servers, DNS services, firewalls, and NAS etc. I'd like to combine many (or all) of these machines into a virtual environment. The idea is to get one beefy machine where I can virtualize most of my hardware.  I've not decided on a piece of virtualization software, but I'm familiar with VMWare, Xen and KVM.   What kind of server do you recommend that can perform the following:   Host 12 virtual machines constantly and burst to 24 for hours at a time Host a combination of Windows (Vista through 10) and Linux (multiple distributions) all running at the same time Have multiple network interfaces so that all the virtual machines don't share a single line. I'm thinking 4 would be appropriate, but I think I could live with only 2 Have storage space for 12 full virtual machines, plus templates for 8-10 other systems. Contains server grade - not consumer grade - hardware Estimated budget is under $8,000.
I want a headset. I have similar requirements to USB headset with good headphone quality and comfort?:   I want a Bluetooth headset (so no cords hanging off my head) but it should connect to my computer via USB or a 3.5mm jack. My current setup does this with a base that is used for charging the headset and connecting to the computer. It should be able to last several hours on a single charge Should be mildly comfortable, but I can get used to anything I don't care about hooking it up to a landline, etc. I just need to get audio to and from my Macbook Should have a decent microphone Should last a relatively long time (>3 years), ideally with a warranty   I have a budget of ~$200. What should I use?
I've looked at u-blox, telit, Simcom and Quectel.    The best receiver from cold start I've found so far is from Telit at -148dBm for acquisition (cold start).  e.g. telit jupiter se868    Has anyone come across a GPS module with a better cold start sensitivity?     Cold Start is performed every time when the GPS module is turned off   without backup power supply connected. It is the longest starting time   out of the three and usually takes 35 seconds in average under open   sky environment. During Cold Start, almanac and ephemeris data has to   be downloaded first from the GPS satellites to GPS module before a   position fix can be acquired.
I've got a Logitech ClearChat headset, and I love it, but I need something with better transmission strength. I've looked around for similar devices though and it seems as though the ClearChat is singular in its class. I'm having a very hard time doing detailed search though, as sales sites like Amazon & NewEgg don't have great search criteria for headsets.    I also found the H20e, but sadly it's a "business-class" device and the response is a mushy 150Hz-7KHz. Useful only for person-to-person phone calls; unusable for music, games, or even group meetings.  Here are the things that I'm looking for:   USB, not Bluetooth 20Hz-20KHz response (H20e can't do this) On-ear mute switch On-mic mute indicator LED Range greater than 10m (ClearChat can't do this)     Are there any headsets out there that satisfy these criteria?
I have a Logitech G9x mouse that is about to die. It has served me well, but it is time to start looking for a replacement. Unfortunately, Logitech doesn't make the G9x anymore.   The replacement mouse should:   be a Logitech gaming mouse (and support Logitech's Gaming Software) have customize DPI settings have two or more macro buttons cost less than $100 USD
When I compare prices of HDDs, I embed a virtual "warranty price" for the costs I'd find if I needed a return (assuming the producer provides more than 2-year EU commercial warranty). Which producer has the lowest ones (for an EU customer)?  The return/RMA policies aren't always clear or easy to find. For instance:   http://www.samsung.com/global/business/semiconductor/minisite/SSD/global/html/support/warranty.html + http://www.samsung.com/us/support/supportServiceWarrantySSDODDExchange.do http://www.kingston.com/it/company/warranty#procedures http://www.crucial.com/usa/en/company-warranty   Samsung is the only one whose policy doesn't explicitly say the costs for shipping to the service centre are on the customer. Does "pack the drive [...] include the completed XRA form, and ship insurance and freight pre-paid to the SAMSUNG address on the XRA form" mean that the XRA (Exchange Return Authorization) comes with a prepaid shipping label, or what? They also have a clause stating that if no issue is found on the drive then the customer has to reimburse Samsung the shipping expenses, but it's not clear which shipping expenses they're talking of.
What (current) 2.5" SSD drives proved to consume the least power in real-life measuring?  For "real life" I mean measuring the power they actually draw from the PSU, or the power the PSU draws from the grid compared to the very same machine with another drive. Measuring during stress and idle testing is fine, though an average of several hours real usage would also be interesting.  I'm not interested in values declared on paper, nor comparisons between different hard drive formats. If you want to focus on a specific size, let's say 250 GB which seems to be the most commonly bought one right now in Amazon.
SSDs might fail rarely, but when they fail they do so grandly. Data recovery services typically charge thousands of euros even for the smallest drives.  Of course the cheapest data recovery technology is backing up in advance, and there are many services out there, but I'm not interested in "what ifs".  Sometimes a formerly working SSD isn't recognised at all by the motherboard, or seems not to be powered any longer, or has some other failure which prevents any interaction with it. In such cases, it's sometimes enough to replace a chip/controller inside, or something even simpler (which of course shouldn't be done at home).  Does any SSD technology, producer or line stand out as having a feature which probably or provably makes data recovery cheaper? Or vice versa one which is clearly the worst of class, neighbourhing planned obsolescence? (The former would be for instance a drive which is absolutely impossible to open without destroying it.)
I noticed that almost all power supply units (PSU) nowadays come with an 80plus label. This means that over 80 % of the electricity I pay for in my bills will actually reach my hardware instead of being wasted in heat, and that my hard work saving on the decimals of Watt there will make sense. Great, but now how do I choose if I want a PSU for a computer which is not too power hungry?  Specific technical question: what's the most efficient PSU in a non-custom form factor, at a consumption of 100 W or 200 W, for an EU 230 V or 115 V home?  Hypothetical concrete question with probably too much detail (skip if you understood above): what's the most efficient PSU I can use for my new mini PC/slim PC/HTPC/whatever, AMD APU based, either   chipset A88X, processor A8 or A10 family (Kaveri), socket FM2+, motherboard mini-ITX or micro-ATX (mATX); or socket AM1, Athlon 5350 (Kabini), motherboard mini-ITX; or socket FT3b (Beema, Mullins), anything; or socket FP4 mini-ITX motherboard for Carrizo or Carrizo-L, anything available (nothing for sale right now or in foreseeable future AFAIK)?
I've been using HP LaserJet 1200 for a very long time but now the original drivers are not available and I wanted to find something more suitable for Windows 7/8 & 10.     My expectations are partially similar to the original printer specs:   available drivers for Windows 7/8 & 10 widely available and cheap toners monthly page volume: 1500-2000 print speed: 10+ ppm only black print at least 600 dpi graphics quality printing and network features are not important duplex printing is not "must have" cheaper than $150 (second-hand items are acceptable)
I've "recentely" asked this question here for a docking station for laptops that uses Thunderbolt 3 or USB 3.1 for connections. While I'm still interested in such stations I need an alternative in case no such alternative will be available within a reasonable time-frame.  So I'm hereby asking for a docking station that qualifies with the following points (in order of preference):   It connects via USB 3.0 and doesn't require special additional software for Windows (10) besides maybe a driver It has at least 4 USB 3.0 ports (additionally to the connecting port) It has at least 4 other USB (2.0+) ports (so 8 ports in total) It has a gigabit ethernet network port  It has a HDMI (1.4+) port for monitor output It has yet another 2 USB (2.0+) ports (so 10 in total) Price should be less than 200€ (in Germany) Fully optional: Smartcard Reader   If you ask yourself: "For what do you need 8 (or more) USB ports for a laptop!?" Here's the list: External USB 3.0 SSD, External 2.5" USB 3.0 HDD, External 3.5" USB 3.0 Backup HDD, High-Speed USB 3.0 USB-Stick, external USB 2.0 sound card, external mechanical USB keyboard, external USB mouse, external blu-ray burner (2x USB 2.0)  Please note: all of these devices are already bought and may not be deconstructed, so a dock with HDD bay or optical drive (bay) doesn't give "bonus points".
I'm looking to build a cheap but expandable server I can set up in my basement and use to store backups, stream media (Plex), and perform other miscellaneous services on my network.  While I haven't had much trouble choosing other parts for this build (hard drive, case, power supply), finding a good CPU has me feeling a bit overwhelmed. There are just too many factors that go into determining CPU speed for me to easily judge based on specs alone.  What's a good, budget CPU I can use for this purpose? It needs to be fast enough to do on-the-fly media transcoding for Plex, and I want it to be power efficient since I plan to be running this server 24/7, but aside from that cheaper is better. Integrated graphics would be a nice bonus since it would save me from having to purchase a video card separately, but it's not strictly necessary as I can get a cheap video card for ~$35 anyway (the server will usually be running headless, so I don't need anything fancy as far as graphics go).
First of all, I hope I came to the right StackExchange; I've seen some posts about laptop recommendations, so I think this is the right place to ask those questions.  I'm thinking of buying a new laptop. My current one is a Samsung Sens X170 with a dual core at 1.30GHz, 3GB RAM, and integrated graphics (OpenGL 2.xx support). My requirements are:   $500 budget limit &ndash; I don't have a Windows serial, so about $600 including the serial Samsung &ndash; not because it's the best, but all the other AS systems are rather disappointing except Samsung in my country, and I'm a rather clumsy person...     I'm thinking of going to France next year, so I'm considering a laptop that is quite widely used in France (so that I can take AS easily?). In other words, I'll not limit my options to Samsung. ASUS seems to be doing OK here.   11-13 inch screen(I'll allow 15 inch but it shouldn't be too heavy), durable, low electricity consumption is preferable I play games a lot, yes, but I usually play old games. My old Sens X170 even had a hard time playing Diablo 2 and DOOM with user mod. I'd just be happy if I can play games pleasantly that came in around 2005-2006. I don't do much work related to graphics, but I often do some simple programming (R/LaTeX/Python) and I'm willing to learn more about it. I do have a 2TB HDD so much space is not strictly needed.   I haven't installed Windows by myself, but I think I can do it and it would be nice to learn how to do so. Actually, if installing Linux is not much of a hassle, I'm thinking of using that this time and pushing up the budget to $600.  When old games refuse to be played on Linux, I can still use my old laptop instead, I'm thinking.  Any recommendations are welcomed.
I have a fairly known and consistent use-case. My laptop does almost no computational work. I do a ton of heavy computational work, but it all happens on big multicore servers which I access/control via Jupyter, SSH, remote desktop etc.  Even doing word-processing will not normally be on my laptop. I have access to several desktops. Doing things locally is generally a case of reading something while in a cafe, taking notes in a meeting, or watching a movie in bed.  Software to run locally:   Web-browser (with Flash) LyX PDF Viewer Video VLC OpenOffice   As you can see there are no requirements regarding Linux or Windows.  I have been very satisfied in the past with Dell Inspiron Mini 9 and with  Toshiba NB550D, each of which lasted 3 years before some part failed. For the Dell Mini it was something in the keyboard, and for the NB550D it was something in the screen (I suspect a wire broke and am going to investigate). Both withstood serious amounts of trauma without incident. If I could find a mint condition NB550D still for sale I would buy it without hesitation.   We are talking about low spec'ed laptops here:   ~1GHz processor  < 10-inch screen No optical drive < $500 2-4GB of RAM (I have a 4GB stick to swap in from my NB550) Cheap   These kinds of requirements are what the netbook brandings were all about, but they seem to be going away. I see a few Chromebooks still for sale, but I have no experience with them.
I have never used any HDMI switch before, so my knowledge about them is zero. Now I have one and I am wondering if its behaviour is normal. I have a beamer for the output signal, a Wii U as first input signal and a laptop as second input signal. The switch I bought has one output and two input plugs, so I put them in accordingly. The packaging says that the switch has an automatic switching function, pretending that the correct signal will be recognized.  Now what happens? The switch only let a signal through if BOTH input devices are PLUGGED IN AND SWITCHED ON. Then, I can use the manual switch button to switch to the signal I want. But whenever I turn one of the devices off (Wii U or laptop) or unplug it (we only plug the laptop in if we want to wantch movies), no signal gets through to the beamer. And the manual switch button does not work either.  Is this behaviour normal, or have I just bought junk? I was expecting that it recognizes if just one input is switched on and lets this signal through accordingly. This is what I think of "automatic switching".  What are your experiences with HDMI switches? Are there any models that do what I expect of them, or is the behaviour of my switch the normal one? Mine is from Vivanco, and it cost 45€. It says "full HDTV" and 1080p, and supports deep color.  Any suggestions on other manufacturers, models and usual prices will be appreciated. I live in Germany, so if anyone knows models I can get here (via amazon.de or just some media store), this will be especially appreciated.
I have a digital camera with HDMI output and I want to use it as a high quality “webcam. I am looking for a device which takes a 1080p/60fps HDMI video signal as input and outputs that signal over USB for usage on a computer as if it were a webcam. It will need to be compatible with USB 3.0 or greater to accommodate the necessary bandwidth.
I have a Galaxy Tab 4, 10.1 inch tablet that is in need of a case.   I am looking for a case that is similar to one I had on my Asus Transformer.   Criteria:   Hard cover folds over the screen Opens in such a way that the cover can be completely behind the tablet, allowing me to hold the device flat or lay it flat on a table but have the screen accessible Opens in such a way that it can stand up and the angle can be adjusted for better viewing. The previous one I had allowed 3 viewing angles Camera (front and rear), volume controls, SD Card port, headphone port and power button must all be uncovered by the case Charging port needs to be accessible without removing the case. I do not need it to be accessible when the case is closed. If I can charge it and leave it laying flat on the bookshelf, that is fine.   Budget for this case is under $50.
I have an old Targus carrying case that was gifted by my employer a long time ago. It's decent, but bulky. I'm looking for a case that can hold a 15 inch laptop, plus a few additional things (safety glasses, a notebook, a few writing instruments) and isn't big, bulky and heavy.  Criteria:   Can hold a laptop (15 inch) plus charger Can hold a wireless mouse  Can hold a small fold up umbrella Can hold safety glasses, a notebook, pens/pencils Provides basic protection against being tossed into a passenger seat in a vehicle  Is not bulky. My current bag is 7-8 inches wide. This is too bulky.   Budget for this approximately $50.
Currently I have a desktop running Windows 10 with the following parts  seen here:   CPU          Intel Core i7-3820 3.6GHz Quad-Core Processor; Motherboard  ASRock X79 Extreme4 ATX LGA2011 Motherboard; Memory           Crucial Ballistix Sport 8GB (2 x 4GB) DDR3-1600 Memory, Crucial Ballistix Sport 16GB (2 x 8GB) DDR3-1600 Memory; Video Card       EVGA GeForce GTX 760 4GB Dual FTW ACX Video Card   What I'd like to do is make some improvements for 'future-proofing', and make some other minor upgrades.  Currently this is used for software development (running VMs, VS2015, eclipse), some rendering (Blender whenever I have the time to work on it), as well as some games (mostly MMORPGs, occasionally Skyrim, Kerbal Space Program, Civ V, with potentially Fallout 4 being added in).  A future use case will be more photo and video processing, as my wife wants to be able to use Photoshop and other editing tools.  What I'd like to is change the video card and put in a 9XX series graphics card in there (I'm sticking to NVIDIA for CUDA work), and maxxing out the RAM to be 32GB (which is the maximum that motherboard can support). Given my use cases, would I gain more value simply upgrading the video card, and leaving the memory the same, or should I upgrade both? (Note: already have an SSD, just concerned about the components I've mentioned in the scope of the question)
My current graphics card is a Radeon HD 5770, and is by far the loudest part of my computer.  I'm looking for something quieter.  Requirements.   As quiet as possible, though I'm uncertain if my case's airflow permits passive cooling. Compatible with the opensource ATI Linux drivers. No less powerful than my current card. Power draw of 100W or less.   I don't have a price limitation.  I figure that any card outside my price range will also be outside the power limit.
Note: I've seen this thread but my expectations are a little bit more specific.   I'd like to ask you about headphones which may filter the noise a way better than stoppers (ear plugs):   highly effective noise-canceling comfy earpads (very important) no integrated microphone full-size (fully cover the ear) audio quality is not that important cheaper than $350   Considered as a plus:   a possibility to swivel the earpads vertically and laterally  detachable headphone cord (being able to cancel the noise without the audio) rechargeable
I am looking for a new laptop mostly for programming(work) but also for college and other educational purposes. Right now I have a budget of $650, although I am willing to wait, save up, and spend a total of $800 if necessary.  Graphical considerations: I will want to learn OpenGL, DirectX, WebGL, and possibly Vulkan when it is available. I will also be playing some RTSs like 0AD, and RPGs like KOTOR in my free time. As I will be attending college, I expect I will need it to play high-quality videos without too much difficulty.  OS cosiderations: I want to try Linux From Scratch in a VM. I also want to be able to dual-boot a desktop flavor of linux with windows. I would prefer it to come with Windows 8 with as little ODM-provided junk as possible so I can try Windows 10 but downgrade/rollback if I do not approve. I need at least Windows 8 or later to develop so-called "universal" windows apps.  In all, here are some of the requirements I have, in order from most important to least important:   Durable keyboard (won't fall apart) - I don't want to randomly lose my semicolon key again! Battery good enough to last a possible one-hour bus ride without falling into the critical 20% zone Graphics that supports "OpenGL 4.X and up" (requirement for Vulkan) High-capacity hard drive, at least 1TB wifi SD card reader - bonus for multiple SD card readers all hardware is Linux-compatible and runs as smoothly on Linux as on Windows Bluetooth a trackpoint mouse - I find them more useful than track pads when I am typing something up DVD RW drive for installing any operating system from disc and watching DVDs  An option to boot from a live SD card or flash drive   I do not know what CPU would be recommended or how much RAM I will need. I'll leave it up to recommendation. I would prefer to be able to upgrade my ram if I find that I am using more than 90% of it on a regular basis. Work-arounds for some of these requirements also appreciated.
I'm looking to buy a new laptop where performance isn't of a large consideration provided the internals are of the current or last gen (as of 2015). As such, I'd like to go for fanless laptops that are trickling in here and there. I've heard of Intel systems, but would prefer AMD.
I bought a lot of silent mice, but all of them kept failing after 6 months max. The best one I had so far was a "Hama Mirano".  Any better one out there?
I am looking for an Android tablet which has USB OTG webcam support.   The tablet should have the following features:   Between 6 and 14 inches in screen size Fanless Cost less than $200 (negotiable) Be fast enough to display 720p webcam input   What are some decent Android tablets that fit this set of features?
I'm looking for a cheap USB drive for my installation by BootUSB. I want use it only for this job, and I usually install Linux distros.  I have an old 2GB drive but seems slow when it installs. What drive do you suggest? I don't want pay a lot, maximum of &euro;15, and the storage  should  be 8/16GB (if I use it as virtual CD).
We are looking for network cards that support hardware timestamps (hardstamps). We need this for capturing packets with high precision and also do synchronisation using PTP / IEEE 1588.  On the web, there are plenty of resources where people say that they are using Intel cards or others, but none of them lists actual product names.   Where can I find detailed information on this or can you recommend any network card that can do these things? How can I ensure that the card also takes hardstamps for non-PTP packets?  Update  In the meantime I got an answer from Intel confirming that the adapters I340 and I350 support hardstamps for PTP. Unfortunately, the data sheets do not state whether there is also support for hardstamping non-PTP packets.
Which of these two graphic cards would be more suitable for gaming, what are the main differences between the two, which would you recommend from the two:  1. The older model, Gainward GeForce GTX 760 Phantom 4GB DDR5 256-bit  or  2. The newer model Gainward GeForce GTX 960 Phantom 4GB DDR5 128-bit  The notable differences are the BUS memory on the two cards, and the chipset version. Basically, my question would be, that how important are 128 bits when taking into account graphic cards. Is it worth sacrificing 128 bit of bus memory, for a newer chipset? The price range is the same from where I would buy it, but the older version(1) is slowly taken out of production, I can only find two webshops which still has one on stock.  I am planning on buying a new PC for gaming, and I am interested what would be the difference between the two, which one should I choose. Or, if you could recommend another card in the same price range as this one. I am from Romania, and these cards cost 250-280$ in my country, this is the maximum I would spend on a graphic card.
I am about to buy a new gaming PC and, checking for specs, I initially I was going towards the GTX 970 when I learned of the 3.5 GB issue.  As far as I understand it, as long as my game does not use more than 3.5 GB, it will run smoothly but once that limit is passed, it will slow radically as it begins to use the slower 0.5GB chunk (the numbers I have seen suggest that it would go from extremely fluid play to unplayable almost instantaneously).  Most comments seems to agree that unless I play it at 4K or use mods to load high-res textures, usually I will have no issues with that.  Still, I am in doubt about upgrading towards a GTX 980; the price increase is considerable (~ 200€), the improved processing power would be welcomed but does not look like essential and, for the VRAM, the only difference is that those .5 GB are not slower.  So my question is: if I decide later to use lots of high-res textures/increase the resolution, how will the VRAM difference affect it?    Will performance degrade in a more progressive way (slowing progressively, or just losing details from the textures)? Will the 980 behave just like the 970 (only that the 980 will have issues at 4GB instead of at 3.5GB)?  Will the game just crash if it tries to use more than 4GB of VRAM? Other?   For me, 0.5 extra usable GB do not seem to be a lot for 200€(NVIDIA cards with 6GB are out of budget), but I may consider it if this means that the performance will degrade in a more progressive way when full.  I really do not have a favorite model for each GPU, but I have eyed this 970 (Gigabyte Gaming G1 Windforce OC)  and this seems to be the equivalent 980.  Of course, if there is something wrong/not so good about those specific models I would be willing to change, I only chose the first one because it comes with the GTX 970 "preconfigured" PCs, and the second one because it was easier to compare differences with the first one.
I'm looking for a cheap midi controller keyboard. I would primarily use this for playing around with music production through Reason 8. I will also occasionally use it to play synth sounds live through my laptop with Reason.  Requirements   Must have a USB output, no sound outputs are necessary. Must have at least 49 keys. More would be nice but not necessary. Must have a mod wheel and a pitch bend wheel separately. (my current controller has the two combined together, which is obnoxious to say the least) Must have reprogrammable faders and knobs.   Preferences   USB-powered would be nice, but isn't a must. Light, and easy to carry around. Button pads would be nice. Durable   I have no brand preferences. I would like to spend less money if possible. Ideal price would be under $100, but I could see myself going up to $150 if it was a significant improvement in quality.
I'm looking for an alternative 28" TFT to the Dell P2815Q due to the rise of its price:   It should be a TFT around 28" with a resolution of 3840 x 2160 (Ultra HD). I don't see any other requierements except a price below $350, I'm currently using a iiyama and the quality should be equal. If anybody knows the reason for the price fluctuation, I would be interested (OT).
I currently have four identically sized HDDs in RAID-10 on an Adaptec 8805. Unfortunately this controller can't do read/write caching of the array's blocks on SSDs attached to the RAID controller.   I now have several SSDs (two right now, possibly expanding to four later) and would like to utilize them in this fashion without incurring the CPU overhead of doing it in software. I would use ZFS ZIL/L2ARC if my operating system were Linux/BSD/Solaris, but I'm running Windows, so that's out of the running.  This is for a gaming workstation, not a dedicated server.  I am looking for a RAID card that meets the following criteria:   Can do RAID-10. Can do read/write cache on multiple SSDs. The caching stuff should be handled on the RAID processor so that the CPU is not impacted by the calculations required for managing the cache. Supports at least eight attached devices without needing a daughter board (can be "external" via breakout cables or individual ports attached to the card itself). If the ports are SAS, I can get the SAS to SATA cables, no worries. Supports booting via UEFI firmware with the BIOS Compatibility Support Module disabled. Drives that use "Advanced Format" 4K native sectors are supported in 4K native mode (NOT 512e). Supports a non-volatile cache or battery backup module. Desirable, but not essential: Boots up in an above-average time for a RAID card. Faster is better. Connects to the system by PCI Express. The slot width and revision are not important for me, since I am planning to put it into a PCIe 3.0 x16 slot (with all 16 lanes enabled), so I have more than enough lanes to throw at it.   Given all these requirements, I'd like to go for minimum cost, while buying the card "new".  What options are available to me?
What's the best mouse pad for me?   Especially for Counter Strike: GO   My settings are:   Mouse: MadCatz M.M.O. 7 Mouse driver dpi: 800 Windows dpi: standard Acceleration: off Mouse grip: palm Finger set: 1+2+2   I know that for some mouses coloured pads might not be the best option. Any size will work.
So I've been Googling forever and can't seem to find any info on this.  I would like to know if there is a PCIe-to-Thunderbolt card that works with Linux (if there are drivers for it).  Has anyone tried installing such a card in a Linux box?
I have some old devices (eg. retro gaming units etc.) that connect via an analogue RF antenna connection. What devices are recommended to convert the signal to work with modern digital televisions? (eg. analogue RF to composite/component RCA).  I have seen others use an old VCR as a converter, but I don't want to try source a huge VCR from somewhere just to use as a signal converter.
I am looking for a monitor to use for a novelty decorative, yet functional, pumpkin computer.  I will probably be using a Raspberry Pi or Beaglebone Black for this because I already own one.  In rough order of importance, my requirements are:   Must fit inside of a pumpkin.  Think supermarket, not first prize at the county fair. Supports RCA or HDMI (HDMI preferred) Includes AC adaptor or power cord.  please recommend one if it does not. Halloween is fast approaching.  Three day shipping to the US must be available. Weighs less than 3 pounds (2.5 pounds is a little on the heavy side, too)  Decent brightness and manageable glare on the screen.  It may be displayed outside during the daytime.  I might be able to get around this by recessing the monitor in the pumpkin. The budget is about $95, but less is better.  I already own a Raspberry Pi, so this is not included in that budget. I would like to be able to read text for things like basic web browsing. Higher resolution is good, but it doesn't matter as much if it isn't an HDMI display.   Realistically, I think the monitor needs to be at least 5 inches to have much of an effect, but feel free to include a 4.3 recommendation if it is under $20, as I will probably buy it as well to use as a backup.  I think that 9 or 10 inches is probably the upper bound of what could reasonably work.  If it is too heavy, it will be difficult to stably mount, and it may deform the pumpkin, causing it to slip off, over the course of the ~5 days that this pumpkin is expected to exist.  The following is my wish list, though I don't expect to get many recommendations that include these things:   Built in speaker(s) Built in USB hub As cheep as reasonable
My serial ATA hard disk broke, so I want to replace it. The SATA drives I've seen online are very diverse in appearance, which makes me skeptical that they work identically. For example, The ports on this one and this one look very different.  Should I be looking for a specific type of SATA hard drive?
I want to create screenshots from games/software running on the Dreamcast.  I have no idea how that’s even possible. I guess I would have to connect it to my PC somehow? Or are there dedicated devices for something like that available?   I’m looking for the cheapest way. Preferably something that works without having to install it in the PC, because there’s no space left in my case.   (But if it’s much cheaper that way, I could dig up an old PC with a tower case.) Ideally it would not require VGA, because not all games support it.  (If a VGA-only solution is much cheaper, I can live with not being able to screenshot those few games.) In case special software is needed for using the hardware, this software should run on GNU/Linux, and ideally be FLOSS. Being able to record videos is a plus, but not required. I need this for a PAL Dreamcast, if it matters.
I know of motherboards which will allow both DDR3 & DDR4 formats to be used, this would allow me to use DDR3 for a time, then in the future upgrade to DDR4.   My real question is, what motherboards are currently available in this format? And what are the the trade-offs for this flexibility?
I need to buy a new laptop for my programming job. The problem is that I just don’t like laptops! I have to get this because I need to travel and meet with colleagues and have to do some work on site. This implies that there is a good chance that this is not going to be my main computer in the future.      On the other hand, I don't want to waste money (even the smallest amount) on a laptop that will be garbage in a year or so. If I have it I will use it, for as long as it lasts.      My main jobs are performed in Eclipse, Netbeans and Android Studio. From what I have read around, these do not support multi-threading. So Intel would work better than AMD since (again from what I understood on the web) AMD has more cores, but single core speed of AMD is lower than that of Intel's. If I am using programs that can only use one core at a time then Intel should work better, right?  The main problem is that I am in Greece, and I have to buy it from a store here, since it will have to go to my expenses. So I am guessing that not all models might be available here.  Requirements:     CPU: a decent one that will last for some years (thinking i5 5200U)   RAM: I am guessing 4GB for budget reasons, but would be nice to have extra slots for future upgrades if needed Monitor: Would love a 17inch for ease of work, but (at least in the Greek market) 17' come with a lot of power that skyrocket the price. plus most I have seen come with HD, not FullHD, resulting a more or less the same effect (do you agree with that?)   Storage: not important since I will use my desktop for any file storage/backup Cost: It will be hard to help me on this one since prices are much different in every country, but I am guessing something in the 500-600 Euro range (US$560-640) Must be available in Greece   Bonus question: Is an i3 with SSD as good as an i5 with HDD? some guy (that I trust) told me that, but I am not so sure I believe it.  Edit: What about this: HP 15-ac011nv - 15.6"  (i7-5500U/4GB/500GB/HD 5500)   CPU   Intel Core i7-5500U 2.40 GHz cache     4 MB RAM   4 GB - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz HDD   500 GB monitor   15.6" BrightView WLED - 1366x768 Graphics  Intel HD Graphics 5500 - Shared Memory 2 x USB 2.0, 1 x USB 3.0    The ram might need some boosting. Will call them soon to ask the max ram that i can install, and how much an extra 4 costs.  The price for some reason (ok i know 2, will see it in a sec) the price is really low for an I7 550 Euro The only drawback it seems that it is the low resolution screen and the GPU. I am not going to play any games on this anyway, nor i will watch any 4K movies. how about this then?  update I did got the HP after all. It seems like a good one, i was disappointed that it's not easy to get the hdd out easily, since i have an extra ssd that i want to install instead.
I am looking for a smartphone which I can easily use as mass storage device.   Preferably without installing extra drivers, Kies or other extra software. I am using UMS for playing audio/video files (which are stored on the smartphone device) directly on desktop PCs, for batch copying/extracting/converting (eg. using foobar2000), or for simple drag and drop.  Some serious candidates were these smartphones so far:   Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Sony Xperia Z3 (oder Z3 Compact) Motorola Moto X Play (oder Style) Samsung Galaxy Note 4 OnePlus 2 OnePlus 1 Samsung Galaxy S6 Lenovo Zuk Z1 LG G4   I tried to activate UMS on my Samsung Galaxy S3 but it never really worked out, so I hope with one of these (or similar equipped) smartphones there is UMS already built in.
There are plenty of USB docks but the couple I have experimented with present UDB/pseudo devices in place of legacy ports like com and parallel. More modern applications can work with those just fine for something simple like printers.   However I am working with software that is used to interface with airplanes that was designed with MSDOS 6.22 and Windows 98. I have been lucky and using Dell Latitude E-Series laptops that support this legacy dock...    I am looking into updating these laptops and it does not appear that newer models have a similar legacy dock. So USB would be the easier route to go but I need the replicator to present the ports as true physical ports to the OS so that they can be passed to virtual machines.
Long story short, I'm looking to buy a new feature phone/dumbphone, possibly within the next 12 months. However, I'm finding it difficult to find a dumbphone with my list of preferences:   Price under $100 AUD. Must be strong/durable, and able to keep working for a long time (i.e. it's feasible to see it still holding together and functional up to 10 years from now, even if this includes battery changes when the old battery stops holding a charge). Good battery life. Telstra specific or network-unlocked, and must be able to work on Australian 3G network or higher.   Bonus points for:   Price under $50 AUD. Having a waterproof or water-resistant design. Handling being left outside overnight. Being a more recent model (i.e. the more recent the model, the better, but "old" models are still fine if they match the other criteria).   Must not only be able to work on 2g network, as 2g is being retired by Telstra in late 2016.    Any form factor (e.g. candybar, clamshell/flip-phone, slide-out keyboard, etc.) is acceptable.  Any good recommendations out there? Even a recommendation which meets most of the preferences, but not quite all? From your recommendation, please state if it doesn't meet any particular preference(s), and/or has additional features not stated.
Well, my Klipsch Image S4 earphones broke yesterday. Had them for at least 4 years I think, and I put them through their paces, so it's understandable. They were amazing for their price though, and will be sorely missed.  I'm saving quite heavily at the moment, and don't have another $90+ AUD to spare on another set of headphones for a while to come, hence me coming here. I'd like a recommendation for a good, but super-cheap pair of headphones, to get me through until I have some more disposable income next year or later.  Comfort  Preferably as comfortable as possible, especially for long periods. Over-the-head bands need to be padded, or else I really feel it on the top of my head after hours of having them on.  Over-the-ears clips also bug me after long periods, but if you happen to have a recommendation for over-the-ears headphones which don't feel like they're cutting into where your ear connects to your head after hours of use, please feel free to share.  Noise-cancelling (preferred)  I know that for the price I'm looking at right now, this may be pushing it more than a little. But the main time I used my S4's was when I really needed to concentrate on a big project at work.  This isn't a huge requirement, as having music to listen to at all can help me concentrate at times, even if it has to be played barely-audibly to make sure I'm not annoying co-workers. But if by some miracle there are cheap headphones out there which have any kind of noise-cancelling, I'd love to hear about it - both so I'm not annoying anyone, and so I can play my music at more than whisper-volume.  Stereo  Stereo sound, not mono. Probably accounts for almost all headphones/earphones nowadays, but again, considering my price range, it's worth saying this explicitly. I have many songs I love listening to partly because of just how well they utilise each individual speaker.  Price  The big one. I'd love something less than $10 AUD. To get the above features I could probably go up to $25 AUD. But less is definitely better for me right now.    I'm a huge fan of good sound quality, but just for now (until I'm able to splurge on something else) I'm willing to put sound quality on the back-burner. Of course, all the above preferences being equal, I'd love to hear in any answer what kind of sound quality the headphones do have. :)  Edited to add: I'm sure everyone can pick up on my locality from the fact that I keep saying "AUD". But just to be clear: These should be able to be bought/ordered from within Australia. If I have to order them internationally, that may be okay. But please note in your answer if you think I'll need to order them from another country.
This might sound a little bit science-fiction or futuristic:  I am looking for a keyboard of which keys are not physically labeled, but labeled with small LEDs inside them.  Here's my problem: The country that I live in uses a different layout than EN-US Q keyboard. It includes some special characters, like any other country that does not speak English. However, I write scientific papers in English and I am very comfortable when coding with an EN-US layout. In addition, I will soon move to a completely different country for my education.   All these being said, I would like to buy a keyboard whose keys are not physically determined.  Is there any keyboard that fits the following?   When I change the layout, the keys automatically adapt and change accordingly. With wide enter key. With numpad. Preferably with extra function keys.   If there is none and you are working in a firm that produces keyboards, I can assure you that I will happily be a tester if you produce that kind of keyboard. Moreover, I will probably buy a dozen of them to use for my life.  To make myself more clear, the keyboard I am looking for is just like a smartphone keyboard. But not like a screen. An actual keyboard whose keys are small screens.   Update:  There is a keyboard just as I described. It is called optimus popularis and costs freaking 1425$!  I of course want something more affordable.
Problem  I am looking for a portable device which should fullfill my following requirement:   Device should be able to connect and communicate with bluetooth devices. Device should be able to connect to internet. First preference is wifi connection, but as a fallback mechanism, ethernet will also work. I should be able to run Node.js server on it. This server will be very light weight, wont need much RAM and computing resources. Less than $30.   Now, after reading few resources i found, Raspberry pi gives me all such features, but only issue with Raspberry pi is that it has many other feature also (camera port, HDMI, etc) which add significant amount to its cost. Since i need device for commercial purpose, so i need to make it cost effective as well.  Can somebody suggest me some available readymade options ?  Note I am looking for device to control some lighting stuff. These device should be used as a gateway and needs to be installed in customer premises. So, thats why these devices should be either a chip/small size board.
I've recently purchased a trackpad (which I'll probably put in an answer), but I'm curious about what else is available. The requirements:   Must work with my 2012 MacBook Pro (running OS X 10.11) Must not have a 'sticky' surface - I hate it when my finger gets 'stuck' (stick-slip phenomenon) on a trackpad when I'm trying to move it around.  Must work to move the mouse, not just in 'art' programs like Photoshop, GIMP, etc. Working in those apps would be a plus, though. Be within a budget of ~$150. I'm flexible on that Not require use of a stylus - but the option to use a stylus would be welcome.   Ideally:   Work over Bluetooth, but I'm not completely opposed to burning a USB port for this Support OS X's Multitouch gestures If it takes batteries, it shouldn't eat them at a rate of more than one set per month with fairly heavy usage.
I have a Asus X99-E WS motherboard (LGA 2011 v3 slot) and it doesn't come with any video ports.  Is it still possible to use the video capabilities of the Intel CPU or will I need to purchase a video card?  If a video card is required, what is recommended for good video quality with an HDMI port (24p movies, etc.)?
I am looking for a device half laptop, half all-in-one, half barebone, to adjust the price to my exact needs. You can see it as either:   Non-touchscreen, non-iOS/Android, long-hours directly chargable tablet with some adjustable stand Non-touchscreen, <21", portable all-in-one Laptop without a keyboard   Do you know if I can find something in 2015 close to this specs? What I am searching is an:   All-In-One (Screen with an internal computer), crafted with portability in mind, preferredly   With:   Good display: I am going to use it for developing long hours, and I have some eyesight problems. 15"-17" would be perfect, Ergonomics are important so I'd expect an adjustable stand (or a third-party compatible base) to make it perpendicular to my body when placed over the table Good performance: an i5 at least, not ridicule RAM and an SSD is a must (128Gb at least)   The thing is I wanted it as minimal/barebone as possible, I don't need:   Powerful graphic card: I am not a graphic designer nor 3D renderer  OS nor Bloatware: Just like barebone NUCs, I'll install Ubuntu myself Touchscreen Bluetooth Webcam Microphone Keyboard nor mouse (I'll buy some ergonomical on my own) fancy sound output (I would even rennounce to it) SD Cards, ID readers, fingerprints and so on...   I have a large desktop media center for all those fancy media uses.  Just a screen-pc with a bunch of USB 3.0 ports and a Wi-Fi. That should allow me to get a good deal with acceptable horsepower, if it existed.  Thank you for assisting me and pointing to any brand or model! :)
Currently we have an old Radware Linkproof with software limited bandwidth to access internet from LAN via 3 different WAN.  We need something better and we are looking for advices.  The ideal product, besides load balancing and recovery on link failure, should do some traffic shaping too. At least it should limit the bandwidth available to each connection in order to avoid that a single LAN user could saturate the WAN link.   Update 1  Minimum requirement   3 WAN ports To be used in front of a firewall. Alternatively it should support 3 internal sub-networks. Total throughput of 20 Mb support for VPN with client software on road warrior
A few weeks ago I bought a Lenovo Z50-70 (with i7-4510U). I'm very happy with this notebook. It is super fast and has a great graphics card (for how I use it). But there is only a slow 11b/g/n WiFi card, so no 5GHz band.  I found this specification for the WiFi card:     One of the following, configurable by model:        • 11 b/g/n, 1x1, Wi-Fi + BT4.0 combo adapter, M.2 Card   • 11 ac,1x1, Wi-Fi + BT4.0 combo adapter, M.2 Card   • Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160, 1x1, Wi-Fi + BT4.0 combo adapter, M.2 Card   Amazon sells an Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3160 card.  How do I know if this card fits? Will it be compatible with the antenna of the notebook ?  Could you tell my how to look this up, or if this card will work ? Maybe you have a hint for some other WiFi cards ?
Can you recommend an optical mouse with three mouse buttons and a non-clickable scroll wheel?  Most mice available today have two buttons with a clickable scroll wheel between them. I am not happy with that design. It is simply too easy for me to accidentally click when I intended to scroll or vice-versa.  I would like a mouse with three real buttons and a non-clickable scroll wheel - ideally located between the left button and the middle button. Does such a thing exist?
The Xbox One has been out for almost two years now. Can someone tell me if there's a headset made that's completely wireless (including Xbox Live chat) for the Xbox One? I have searched to no avail in finding one that is 100% wireless during game use.
My old router died, and I want to buy a new one.  Also, if I have to change the router, I want to try to see if I can do a setup like: Router + External Hard Drive + an android application maybe.  I basically want to have a one-way sync of our pictures (my wife and I) to a HDD that is connected to the router.  Sync would be through wi-fi, something like google is doing right now for me, but this time I would like to be in control of the storage.  My question is: what to look for in a router? I wouldn't want to spend too much, but I don't even know what to look for. Is it enough if the router has USB port on it?  I was wondering if there are routers that come with a special android app, or I can just try to look into some "universal" software like this one.  Note: NAS device seems like a good idea, but it seems too expensive.  Thanks for the help.  UPDATE I bought a RT-N18U router, and it has this application specifically made for it, we'll see how it works, I'll let you guys know.  UPDATE 2: I had some errors, but it works fine
I'm currently writing a story where in 2005 a guy built a time machine out of a old Ford Mustang, a Casio ClassPad 300 calculator, some scrap, and a gaming PC, but the problem I'm facing is that I only started to follow the PC hardware market in 2010, and know nothing about older stuff. Hoping someone here could enlighten me.  I have done some groundwork about this PC, but don't know how off I am.  The PC can only run on a single core CPU, due to something about how the machine works, and it makes error when a dual core CPU is used, so I thought about using an Intel Pentium 4, but what about the AMD side, is there something better there?  Other things I have thought about is 1GB of RAM, a 160GB HDD, Antec P180 Case, leaving out GPU and PSU, what was good back then?  Another thing I thought about was using a custom Linux(Debian-based) as the OS, but how would that run on a '05 gaming tower?  The PC's duty is via the Casio calculator, is taking the date and using some highly advanced calculation to reprogram the circuit that drives the part that makes the car going through time, and outputs a speed + RPM the engine has to go before it can go through time.
Our network vendor is telling us to upgrade our iSCSI SAN to 10GB. We are game.  But the network switches alone are $4500 each (or more), and we need 2! (He sells Dell gear.)  Are there reliable options that are less coin?
I need a 4k 40 inch TV that I will use when writing software. I need:   HDMI 2.0 the ability to disable overscan to disable all image processing low lag around 40" in size   I have seen that the most popular TV for this user is a 39 inch Seiki, but it has some problems and also I cannot find in Italy.  I am interested now in finding info of a Philips 43PUH4900 which I can easily buy and it costs 400 Euro, but I can't find any reviews for it on the internet.  Otherwise I am open for receiving hints on popular brands like LG or Samsung.
I find it a very interesting options to extend my MacBook's storage capacity by permanently adding an SD card. One possible solution would be the Transcend Jetdrive Lite. There are also other extension cards and microSD adapters available. I tried this product in the past but it broke within weeks.   Can you recommend a product / solution for my Macbook Pro (non-Retina, mid 2012)? The extension should have at least 128 GB additional storage, and it doesn't matter if it is a microSD adapter or a custom SD card as long as it doesn't stick out of the laptop case.
I did a lot of research, but the more I study about the M.2 slots the more I am getting confused. Can any one tell me which M.2 SSDs the MSI GE62 Apache Pro-004 supports?  The specifications page shows this: NVMe M.2 SSD by PCIe Gen3 X4 up to 2200MB/s  But what about the size? I see that M.2 slots are divided under multiple categories B, M and B&M. They are also of multiple sizes like 2232 to 22110. Are either of these SSDs supported by the GE62 Apache Pro-004:   Eluktro Pro-X Performance 512GB SSD Samsung SM951 512GB NVMe SSD   If these are not supported, please give me a recommendation of an M.2 of 512GB which has good read and write speeds like those above and which is supported by the MSI GE62 Apache Pro-004.
I'm looking for a home printer that is capable of good quality prints. Here are my requirements:   It should have scan/copy capabilities I should be able to connect via USB, Wi-Fi is a bonus Price range for the printer should be low: under CAD 150 Ink shouldn't be ridiculously expensive: Maximum CAD 90 to get a full cartridge set (black and colour ink) It should be available in Canada.
I know this is a bit of a boring question, but I need to ask it. What keyboard would you recommend?  Requirements:   Price should be < $25. Preferable < $20 Must connect through USB Must last a long time (more than 2 years) Must be full size. (Includes all normal keys, F1 - F12, and a number pad) Must be QWERTY Should have arrow keys that are the same size (for gaming), so that the ↑ and ↓ arrow keys are not smaller than the  and →. Must be available in the US.   Preferences   A backlight (multi-colored?) Wireless (If wireless, it should last more than 6 months on battery) Bluetooth connection If it has a backlight, it must be visible without the backlight being on. 3 or greater key rollover   Thank you for your input.  Just to clarify, this keyboard will not be primarily for gaming. I would just like it to be capable of.
Here's the thing I've got. There's a presentation going to happen in some restaurant. My boss wants to place some three screens (most probably some big LCD TVs) in different places of the big hall. But the restaurant doesn't allow to put wires through the hall. I know there are some wireless HDMI receivers and transmitters on the market. But I am not sure about their robustness. The only idea that came to my mind is to buy some HDMI hub and three pairs of these wireless HDMI, connect it to my MacBook and run it like that. That would work, I think, but that's not elegant at all + it's pretty expensive.  So my questions are:   What experience did you have with these wireless HDMI receivers and transmitters? What models can you recommend?  Any other ideas on how to solve the problem, rather than what I suggested?
I've been contemplating purchasing an HDD adapter. However, they all seem to be ~$20 which is too much for me.  Requirements   Price must be < $15 (Including shipping, not taxes). Must support USB 3.0 Must support SATA2 and backward compatible w/ SATA3 Must be 3.5 inch Must be available in the USA.   Preferences   Support for SATA3 Support for USB 3.1 Support for thunderbolt Multiple drive bays Support for 2.5 inch drives as well as 3.5 inch An enclosure instead of just an adapter.   I haven't been able to find anything at this price range.
I am building a PC specifically for programming. I mainly use Android Studio and Eclipse which are both quite heavy programs. This is why I would like to get a better CPU / more RAM. Which of the following would make a bigger difference in performance and which do you think is more worth it? Currently, to fit my budget I can upgrade either the CPU or RAM which is why I need some help on deciding which one would benefit me more.  Intel Core i5 Quad Core i5 - 6600K (3.5 GHz) 6MB Cache -- > Intel Core i7 Quad Core i7 - 6700 (3.4 GHz) 8MB Cache.  OR  16GB HyperX Fury DDR4 2666 MHz (2 x 8) --> 32GB HyperX Fury DDR4 2666 MHz (4 x 8)  Which one would you recommend upgrading?  Also, I want to add that I am going to be using a Samsung 850 EVO SSD.
I have a "Intel Pentium CPU G2030 @ 3.0GHz" processor, and a "Intel HD Graphics" graphics card.      General CPU info           Cores = 2     Threads = 2     Bus speed = 99.76MHz     Max TDP = 55.0W     Core Speed = ~3GHz           General GPU info           GPU = GT1     GPU clock = 650 MHz     Transistors = 1.4 B     Bandwidth = 21.3GB/s     Multi-GPU = Disabled           Time taken for a 30 mins video to encode (h.264) with handbrake   (Using all CPU cores)           2-pass, profile=main, preset=slow : 1hr 30mins     2-pass, profile=main, preset=medium : 1hr     2-pass, profile=main, preset=fast : 45mins     2-pass, profile=main, preset=very fast(handbrake "normal" default) : 25mins       I don't know much about processors or graphics card, and I don't know which is better at rendering + encoding. Could you recommend some of it for me? Prices below $200, and TDP below 80 would be great. Thanks.
Computer cables will often have clunky plastic cylinders at each end called "ferrite cores" or "ferrite beads" or "ferrite chokes".  They look like this:   Personally, I consider these things a bug, not a feature.  They're clunky, ugly, and annoying.  They were really designed for analogue signals, which makes it particularly unfortunate that most DVI cables seem to have them - I am only using DVI to carry a digital signal, so they are definitely not needed.  The only DVI cables I actually have that don't have these beads on them are the ones that came bundled with my KVM switch - they carry a digital DVI signal just fine.  I'd like some advice on how to find some new DVI cables without ferrite beads on them.  They all seem to have them (even the cheaper ones) - does anyone know of some that don't?
I've been renting from a certain company for a while now, and I'm currently thinking of switching to NFOServers because I would get a cheaper deal since I plan to expand the servers further.   However it's not going to be many servers, so I was wondering if it would be possible to at least get 3 servers running on NFOServers' "Two Core VPS" plan?  Specs (If you're too lazy to open their site):  Two full, dedicated HT CPU cores (Nehalem or better) 2048 MB of RAM 200 GB of RAID-protected storage 8000 GB of bandwidth transfer   If not, how many servers will I be able to have?
I am a developer, and I can now afford to buy a good keyboard for work. What do you recommend for a good ergonomic keyboard preferable with media controls?  It does not need to be ergonomic. Looking cool would be nice, but not a big deal. Basically what keyboard do you recommend for a developer (Windows local machine, but VNC into Linux most of the time.)  It does not need to be portable, and there isn't much of a constraint cost. Mostly I am looking for something ergonomic.
I need a home camera system. It should be reliable and cost around $500, using it for 5 corner home surveillance and a few indoor cameras pointing at living room and down the bedroom hallway.  It should:   Come with/has at least 4 cameras and 8ch DVR PTZ (all three), bidirectional audio, indoor/outdoor, weather proof cameras night vision motion sensing viewing distance of at least 50ft be able to store captures for 30+ days (I live in a cul-de-sac, so not a lot of traffic) at least 720p have an Android app bonus: have an API   This is a big list and I've done some shopping on amazon but I wanted to see what other people have found and amazon's selection is limited to a few vendors.  I realize that I can't get everything on the list. The systems I'm looking at are from Armcrest, Best Vision, and Funlux.  I'm also up for mixing and matching components, but I don't know if mixing and matching works due to compatibility and other things. I'm a software developer, comfortable building PCs, not sure if that helps.  EDIT:  A little more research indicates I can mix and match DVRs and Cameras. For universal compatibility the DVR needs to be TRIBID, otherwise they will work with either cctv or ip or analog, or the mix is limited for example on an 8ch only ch 7 and 8 can do ip, etc...  EDIT2: It seems a surveillance kit could be cheaper than buying a la cart. The total cost would depend on the amount and quality of cable you buy. The consensus seems to be that the cables that come with the kits are poor in quality, to say the least. IMO, measure out the amount of cable needed, get a bit more in case of errors, and then see how much the total cost would be. If the cost of buying a la cart is a bit more, then pay the little extra for a lot more reliability.  Otherwise get the kit.
I started renting a VPS ("Platinum X8" VPS from Server4You), it has the following specifications:   CPU: 16 Cores (Intel Xeon E5550); RAM: 18GB (30GB Burst); HDD: 800GB; Bandwidth: 100Mbits/s (though I did get 430MB/s with speedtest-cli, so might actually be a Gigabit connection); OS: Ubuntu 14.04   I am using this VPS for a single Minecraft server (i.e. not a network of servers), along with a Teamspeak 3 server & webserver (with MySQL server). The website runs a forum and will eventually only get moderate traffic (<100 connections at a time), & I plan for the Teamspeak server to have double the amount of slots of the Minecraft server (I plan to apply for a non-profit license when traffic picks up).  As the VPS is on a monthly contract, I am able to cancel it and go elsewhere at any time; if the Minecraft server starts to outgrow the VPS, I can upgrade to a different VPS package (elsewhere, since this is the top VPS package at the provider) or even a dedicated server  At the moment, the Minecraft server has 125 slots; can it go higher with the current hardware specifications?   The Minecraft server is running some plugins, for example:   Craftbukkit (mod); WorldEdit (though this will be removed when the server is opened to the public); Factions   The Minecraft server is controlled via Multicraft ('Owned' licence for a maximum of 2 servers), with additional startup parameters to enable usage of all 16 CPU cores & 64 bit Java:  java -jar -d64 -XX:+UseConcMarkSweepGC -XX:+UseParNewGC -XX:+CMSIncrementalPacing -XX:ParallelGCThreads=16 -XX:+AggressiveOpts -Xms8G -Xmx27G minecraft-server.jar   What is the maximum amount of player slots the Minecraft server should be able to handle with the current hardware specifications of the VPS?
My Verizon wifi router (MI424WR Rev.I) which I have installed in the basement is not enough to cover all rooms upstairs and around the house. I'm looking for any suggestion for a wifi access point which I will install upstairs somewhere in the middle of my house and connect with VZ router via cat5. Price range below ($100).   I'm not sure if this one is ok.
I want to implement this project...    In the image I have:    One and unique analog signal One analog to digital converter The output is carry out to several modules (executing FIR and rewriting the its output) Collecting the new signal (ModuleID, PositionValue, ValueSignal)   I need to collect all information of modules (40 units) in one PC, what Card or Port (one Multiplexing or 40 units) is recommended?    PD: I'm worry about the performance (core, RAM) of VPS and the cost for it.
I'm looking for a small laptop with a 10.1 to 11.6 inch screen and an x86 or x86-64 CPU that runs GNU/Linux without hardware incompatibility. Are there any good ones? Or how should I go about finding one?  What I use now  My current laptop is a Dell Inspiron mini 1012, which I purchased in March 2010. It has a single core Intel Atom N450 CPU, 1 GB of RAM, and a 10.1" display, and runs Xubuntu 14.04 LTS. I use it for hobby programming projects while riding the city bus to and from my day job.  Applications I use regularly include Firefox, GIMP, LibreOffice, XChat, Skype, gedit (a text editor), ca65 (6502 assembler), GCC, GNU Make, IDLE (Python IDE), FFmpeg, FCEUX (NES emulator) SDL version, FCEUX debugging version (in Wine), NO$SNS (Super NES emulator in Wine), and FamiTracker (in Wine).  Because the buses in my city do not offer Wi-Fi, I often open several pages in tabs in Firefox, board the bus, and read them. Using suspend this way is a lot cheaper than subscribing to mobile broadband.  Why I must replace it  I've decided that eventually I'll need to replace my laptop for several reasons.   The keyboard is wearing out: Ctrl, x, and f need a bit more pressure to register. JavaScript-heavy sites make Firefox freeze for seconds at a time. A laptop with more than one core would be ready for Electrolysis come Firefox 49 or for Google Chrome. Like other Intel IGPs prior to HD Graphics, its GMA 3150 IGP is compatible with OpenGL 1.4 only. Firefox blacklists it for WebGL because WebGL requires at least OpenGL 2.0. It's five and a half years old. I worry that its chipset or hard drive or display could give out. Wireless on 2.4 GHz runs fine, but it can't see 5 GHz access points. (5 GHz would be nice to have but is not critical because 2.4 GHz works.)   Trouble finding a replacement  But at the end of 2012, manufacturers discontinued their netbook lines. The closest thing to a netbook nowadays is a 2-in-1 tablet with a clip-on keyboard, such as an ASUS Transformer Book (T100TA), or a 11.6" laptop such as the ASUS EeeBook (X205TA). But I've read that 2-in-1s have severe hardware compatibility problems problems with Linux. The DebianOn reports for T100TA and X205TA mention problems getting basic things such as Wi-Fi, audio, and suspend to work.  I've been XY'd up and down  When I have explained this problem to others, many have assumed an XY problem on my part and recommended other devices. Each has drawbacks:   A laptop sold by System76 is guaranteed to run Linux, but it's just too big. The smallest one they advertise is 14 inches. If I bought a significantly larger laptop, I would need to carry it in a larger bag, and I fear that traditional laptop bags are magnets for thieves. Even if I were to carry it in a backpack, I'm still unsure of how I would test-drive the ability to use a larger laptop in the somewhat cramped quarters of a bus seat. A MacBook Air is expensive. I would consider it if I were developing apps for iOS, but I am not. I have a budget of $500 plus shipping and tax to replace this. Five years ago, netbooks used to run in the range of $300. A Dell XPS 13 is both big and expensive, though admittedly not as big as other 13" laptops. A device with an ARM CPU does not run Wine. I occasionally use a few Windows-only applications that are are light enough to run well in Wine on a Pentium 4 or Atom CPU, namely FCEUX debugging edition, FamiTracker, and No$sns. A 10 inch laptop (or tablet with clip-on keyboard) running Android would impose a window management policy of all maximized all the time, which is inconvenient because opening a calculator app will make my source code disappear and vice versa. (Android Nougat might change this.) I've used a GNU toolchain on Windows (MinGW + MSYS) and on GNU/Linux but lack experience with a GNU toolchain on Android. A Chromebook with Chrome OS cannot run most of these applications. As far as I can tell, they would need to be rewritten from scratch in JavaScript as Chrome apps. A Chromebook with Crouton begs the user to press space to reenable OS verification (which wipes the drive) every time it turns on. I'm told tools by John Lewis can remove this verification warning from the bootloader, but I assume they void the manufacturer's warranty, and I've had to use my current laptop's warranty before on a loose power jack. I could buy a laptop whose suspend is known not to work and then just shut it all the way down every time. People tell me that SSDs make this practical nowadays. But this would break opening pages in Firefox tabs to read them later. Once I "Restore Previous Session", Firefox restores the URLs, but the content of each page is replaced with "Problem loading page" because I am offline when I board the bus. This means I would have to subscribe to mobile broadband. The price difference between my current flip phone plan and a smartphone data plan allowing tethering would likely exceed my budget. The Transformer Book and EeeBook run Windows well. All the applications I use would work equally well in Windows. But I've read that Windows 10 will continue to spy on me even if I turn off Cortana and live tiles. Nor do I want to lose my Linux skills. I could buy a desktop PC and access it through remote desktop from a Chromebook, Android device, etc. But then I would again have to subscribe to mobile broadband.
My employer recently upgraded the server room and threw a lot of hardware away. I noticed the Cisco Wave 474 devices which look just like standard PC's. They've got a nice amount of RAM and a Core Duo inside which could still make them a nice Internet-Surf-PC for home.  Since my employer did only remove the harddisk I took one home and wonder if I could convert it to a standard PC.  Before I buy a new harddisk: Does anyone know those devices? Can I have success with my plan or are Ciscos modifications too big to get them working?
Is it possible to get DDR3 memory that's not affected by rowhammer? ECC is reportedly not a full fix and not viable since the boards I'm looking at don't support ECC anyway. I've seen claims that, because the issue is density, smaller modules (possibly 512MB, 1GB, or 2GB) are less likely to be affected, but no actual guidelines for reliably purchasing rowhammer-immune ram. For example this paper suggests that at least some brands are not affected in small sizes:  http://users.ece.cmu.edu/~yoonguk/papers/kim-isca14.pdf  Does anyone have actual reliable information for buyers?
I've been looking for an inexpensive device to get my car to play songs from my phone.  I've got a wired cassette adapter, but the wires inevitably break (I have a teen that uses it too).  I found this bluetooth cassette adapter, but it's $60 and only lasts 8 hours per charge.  Is there an adapter that lasts for at least 15 hours of playback for less than $40, perhaps one that uses the cassette spindle drive to augment (or replace) the battery altogether?
I am working on a one-off home automation project for personal use. The software is not in question (i.e., I can write the software to drive pretty much any kind of hardware out there).  I will have 2 or 3 physically separate, networked (via Wi-Fi) nodes, installed in fixed locations in my house. Each will access a shared server (already exists) via Wi-Fi, and accept input from the user via button/touch input.  In terms of interface, I could get by with a 16x2 character backlit mono LCD screen plus a couple of momentary contact buttons. A small touch screen + web browser would work just as well. I also need some kind of sound output. A simple buzzer/beeper would suffice, but an actual computer audio interface and small speaker would be acceptable as well. Among the options in this paragraph, I don't really have a preference, so it will come down to cost.  Size footprint isn't terribly important, but think wall-mounted panel, not computer workstation.  I have considered things like the Raspberry Pi + 16x2 LCD + Wi-Fi + buttons, which would run me about $100 for my minimum requirements. I'm hoping to find something cheaper than that, but I won't put a number on it that might be unrealistic.  Operating system is a don't care, as long as it supports the required hardware. I can program a µc if need be.  I've also considered touch screen devices such as used iPod Touches. Jiggering a web interface for my software is already planned. In general, I don't mind buying used hardware if it's likely to be reliable and give me at least a few years' life.  I will put the software on my mobile phone as well (as well as my PC), but I still need the fixed installations as I do not usually carry my mobile phone around with me when I'm in the house.
I am planning to update my PC by December, but I have some doubts. This is what I have now:   Motherboard: Asus H77-Pro4-M (Socket 1155) CPU: Intel Core i3-2120 3.30GHz Graphics Card: Nvidia GTX 550 Ti RAM: 8GB (don't know speed at this moment) PSU: 500W   I am planning to upgrade the CPU and graphics card, but I might only change the graphics card to be able to get a real monster.  If I change the CPU and graphics card, I have thought about upgrading to:   Intel Core i5-3470 3.2GHz Gygabyte GeForce GTX 960 Gaming G1 Windforce 4GB GDDR5   If I change only graphics card, I wold upgrade to:   Gygabyte GeForce GTX 970 Gaming G1 Windforce OC 4GB GDDR5   Am I doing this right? Will there be bottlenecks if I don't upgrade the CPU? Are there any similar components that I should look into?
I have a colleague who needs an additional monitor during presentations in the meeting room (the main beamer screen is too far/hard to see).  In a video from Microsoft I saw they used monitors that were somewhat 'laying' on the table. Does anyone know what type of monitor this is?  video: https://youtu.be/Z2Fw6-2fCWU?t=89 Watch @ 1:30
I currently have a small home-server, that runs a domain network & is the center of all file storage in our household. The drawback is that we need as much storage as possible, but the server's case only supports a maximum of four drives.  Hardware of the server:   CPU: Intel Core2Duo E7500; RAM: 8GB DDR2 @ 800MHz; HDDs: (all SATA3) 320GB OS drive, 3TB ("Common Files"), 1TB (split into two partitions; 500GB backup for the OS drive, and 500GB for "Common Files"); OS: Windows Server 2012 R2 Datacenter   Drives/partitions for "Common Files" are dedicated to file storage for non-critical files and are not backed up. All critical files are held on the OS drive, the entire drive is backed up to the 500GB backup partition of the 1TB drive. All critical files stored on the OS drive are automatically backed up to cloud services (namely Mega).  I run a domain (ADDC) on the server so that any user-account/file can be accessed from any computer in the home. In addition to this, this configuration means that no data-loss occurs if a computer breaks.  The server doesn't do much else than ensuring that everything can be accessed from anywhere within the house. It does run an SQL server (MSSQL) for local software development purposes, but it isn't used often. At night (from ~11pm - 6am) the server is shut-down, with it automatically turning itself on at 6am via a timer set in the BIOS.    I'm looking to build a new server that:   Has very low power usage; Is quiet; Can hold at least 6 hard drives; Is reasonably quick; Should be able to turn itself on automatically; Be as cheap as possible   It should also fit in the same space that the current server occupies, under my desk. The piece of wood on-top of the server can be removed (space between the floor & wood is ~12cm), if required:    I was considering replacing it with a NAS, but however I need the domain functionality and so this option isn't available to me. I also don't want to purchase a NAS in conjunction to the server as I need it to use as little space as possible.  I was thinking of the current hardware:   CPU: Pentium G3258 RAM: 8GB DDR3; HDDs: All current drives (besides the 320GB OS drive), with three additional 3TB drives. Critical files moved to one of the HDDs, and automatically backed up to cloud services as before.   I'm stumped on the motherboard & case though, as they need to be small. Any recommendations or changes for the prospective hardware? I am also going to be replacing the router in the above photo with a network switch, as I already have another router elsewhere in the house that does most of the work (and handles DHCP of the router in the photo).
I've got an issue with my home Wifi network. I get 300mbps on my ISP modem:  4 Gigabyte ports and Wifi N   There is an Xbox One (Wifi N) on the ground floor  I've got 1 desktop with Wifi AC and 2 other computers with Wifi N on the 1st floor.  And the issue is that I cannot benefit from my fiber optic connection to it's full potential.  On my PC with wifi ac card i get about 25mbps, on the other computers/laptop it's about 18-20mbps. On the Xbox which is the nearest device to the modem (~20m apart) I get a 40-45mbps.   I want to invest about 100euros and setup a network though Wifi (preferably but not limited to) that can let my xbox and PC get atleast a 100mbps (seperately in the best case).   Is there a Wifi router or a pair of PLC adapters that can manage that?   I've looked into Cat6 ethernet cable (pretty cheap) but it's a real pain to setup and ruins the looks.    So I'm looking into home plugs but the ones that give acceptable speed are pretty costly (as expected), and for the wifi part I've come across some Xiaomi routers that are WifiAC capable that costs about 30bucks but unfortunalety there are no reviews on them to see their actual speed.
Been thinking of launching some dedicated servers for a while now, using VPS:es. However I got some techinical questions about their specs and how much they would be able to handle.  Now let's say I want to host multiple Team Fortress 2 servers. Mostly I'm looking for to run custom gamemodes, that are, in my opinion, not so advanced. It could be one Saxton Hale server, One deathrun server and the last one would just be a normal CP server (like dustbowl for example). Now my question is, which of the specs below would run these 3 servers best? And would I even be able to run 4 servers (the 4th would also be a ctf server)?  1st VPS: 2 full cores (not given very much details about this), 2gb of ram and 8tb bandwidth.  2nd server: 2x3.2Ghz+ cores, 4GB RAM (6GB burstable) and 5tb bandwidth.  The bandwidth question is not really that important, i would use another host to handle all fastDL. But would it be any big difference in performance running these gamemodes on those specs?
I live in a location which many websites don't recognise, and when multiplayer gaming I find that I am constantly matched with players from the United States instead of with players nearer to me (geographically). I found that when using free VPN services, I no longer have this problem and are matched with players much nearer to me.    Due to free VPNs being unreliable (bandwidth monitoring, constantly changing passwords, etc.), I have decided to purchase hardware or rent a VPS.  This is a list of possible hardware/VPSes I have found:   Raspberry Pi- Small, uses hardly any power; VPS (512MB RAM, single CPU core, 1TB bandwidth, 30GB SSD); Dedicated server (2GB RAM, 500GB HDD, 2 CPU cores (4 threads))   The Raspberry Pi is a decent option, but I doubt any provider would be willing to co-locate such a small device. The VPS is again a good option, but doesn't have much in the way of resources but is the cheapest option. The dedicated server I think is too much for what I need it for (an application to route my Internet connection through), but it could be a viable option if I wanted to host something else on it too.  I'd like the option of hosting a small website on the server (along with the VPN application), so simply going for a paid VPN service isn't an option here.  What amount of resources would a VPN application use; I already know about Internet, but what about RAM usage?  What is the best option here, or perhaps I should choose something else?
I am at the end stages of choosing parts for my PC but am finding it quite difficult to choose a CPU cooler since there is so much to take in. Should I go for a standard CPU cooler (with fans), a fanless one or water cooling?   I am considering either water cooling / fanless because they are both quieter than normal coolers. Would you recommend going for a water cooling system or a fanless cooler? My only concern with the water cooling is that if in some way it malfunctions, it might damage my other parts. Out of the three options I know they all have their positive and negatives but which one would you say is best?    CPU - Intel Core i5-6600K 3.5GHz Quad-Core Processor Motherboard - Asus Z170-A ATX LGA1151 Motherboard Memory - Corsair Vengeance LPX 16GB (2 x 8GB) DDR4-2666 Memory Storage - Samsung 850 EVO-Series 250GB 2.5" Solid State Drive Case - NZXT H440 (Blue/Black) ATX Mid Tower Case Power Supply - SeaSonic X Series 400W 80+ Platinum Certified Fully-Modular Fanless ATX Power Supply   Budget: Around £720 pounds (the parts listed above total £670 so the cooler is in budget as long as it is under £60 or there about).  Edit: listening to all of the feedback, I have decided to go with the  Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO as it seems to be the best option for me.
I'm going to buy a Raspberry PI 2 B and install osmc on it. I'm wondering which type (r/w speed) of Micro SD I should buy and which size (8, 16 ,32 go). My movies, pictures, etc are stored on an Nas and the Raspberry will be wired on the same LAN.  I will try to be more precise : I will only stream to the raspberry from my NAS. Some movie than well be stream can be 20go in size. The purpose of the Mirco SD will be to allow OSMC to run as smoothly as possible on the Raspberry 2B.
It can be very expensive to make your TV setup open for all kind of devices in our homes. There are many wireless display standards and having many different devices calls for these options to be available. I am not going to discuss each standard. Currently I want mostly to have AirPlay and Google Cast always usable when my TV in on. My current TV setup is;   1x Chromecast stick (#1)  1X AppleTV (#2)  1X Minix Neo X8-h  1x Samsung TV 2010 version.   Having these makes me use 3 HDMI ports, and makes 3 standards available. (Google Cast, AirPlay and (Play To, DLNA, UPnP)) I thought that highend android boxes would cover all standards, but AirPlay is bad you have to start up a specific app and the same goes with Miracast. Also Airplay only takes the sound channel when using XBMC on the Minix. So I still need to have my ATV2 and Chromecast connected, to make my setup work, when I want to share content on the big display.  So I am always waiting for that one device that supports all standards every single time.
I'm putting together a new server for my current database which has 500GB of data and over 13million rows in 90 tables. My read speed is very slow at the moment using SATA drives.  I prefer to use a Dell server, but my biggest concern is selecting the correct drives and raid setup.  Can anyone recommend me super any fast drives(SAS, SSD, PICe), or extras?
I am looking into getting a electronic drum kit that I can use for both recreational use (like an acoustic drum set) and for Rock Band 4, preferably with pro-cymbal support.  I was thinking about getting an ION drum kit, but I have found this comment amongst others in this thread.     Q: I play Rock Band with my ION Drum Kit. Will the ION Drum Kit, as well as other MIDI drum kits, be compatible with Rock Band 4?      A: The short answer is “no, not at launch. Our first priority is to make sure that the core Rock Band legacy instruments be compatible on day one when Rock Band 4 launches – and they will be! If you want to see ION support in Rock Band 4, you can let ION Audio know by contacting them here: http://www.ionaudio.com/support/. We know that many of you play Rock Band using these peripherals, and we are actively working on finding a solution to this compatibility issue.   Is there an alternative to playing an e-kit with Rock Band 4 on Xbox One?
This question might seem weird at first, but I do mean it.  I want to buy a good IPS screen for my laptop. This is not about price or compatibility, but about quality. I want to buy just screen, not the whole laptop.    Long story short  In (most) modern laptops, screen is connected to motherboard using Embedded DisplayPort connector. As I understand (and according to my experience), there are no vendor-specific variations, just a few standard variants (namely 20, 30 and 40-pin connectors). It is just a plain DisplayPort interface with cheaper/smaller connector and added pins for backlight and power.  What it means is that as of today, laptop screen compatibility question boils down do "Does it (physically) fit (including connector)?", which is easily answered for example by looking at photo.  So basically, choosing laptop screen should be almost the same as choosing external monitor. Except one thing. I have seen nothing like "AUO b156han01.2 IPS panel review". Have you?    Solution I want  I basically want a general suggestion on how to find LCD panel of specific size, with specific (e.g. 30-pin eDP) connector, that has desired qualities (e.g. brightness of at least 300 cd/m²) and does not have problems like obviously uneven backlight or wrong colors.  The obvious solution "search for laptop and then buy original panel" will not do, same way as searching for preassembled PC with everything included will not do if you only need a monitor.    Edit  A few days later, I suspect that my question is pointless. There is no such market as "generic screens for laptops". You often can by a laptop without HDD or RAM, but without display? I guess no. So, chosing a laptop and only buying screen might be the only solution for now.  Let's hope I am wrong.    Edit2  Now question is closed. I kind of suspected that less general questions are expected :)  Nevertheless, I might have found something: Lenovo Y50 has such a bad screen that very long forum threads appeared that are dedicated to replacing it, and these threads have quite a few useful links.  I currently do not have time to explore these links, but I got a general idea: If you search for display panels in general (including LED matrices, text LCDs with serial interface, industrial displays, etc.), you will find some sites that offer laptop panels too and they will have quite some information on these panels.
Is there any hardware which can consume connection from 3G/4G SIM, LAN Ethernet cable, existing low range WiFi and can provide it as wifi access point and LAN, both.  New WiFi from this hardware should have consistent access, regardless which underlying connectivity it uses. It would be better if it is portable.    I am currently using SoftAP mode of WN722N wifi USB adapter. It delivers internet(via WiFi) obtained from any source(3G/4G adapter/LAN/another WiFi). It creates bridged network.  If its not possible in single device, recommend me combination of devices, with minimum cost. I expect it to serve 5 to 10 devices.
I am in the process of building a "chill chamber" for electronic experiments * and as primary part for cooling it I am going to use a peltier element. This means though I need to get rid of probably around 150W, and my first thought for that was to use an older CPU cooler which had heatpipes, but unfortunately the contact area of the ground plate was smaller than the peltier element. I then turned to look what is available on the market, and its overwhelmingly much, and besides specs often not being clear nowhere I could almost never find specifications of the size of the contact plate/area (or whatever you call it). So for this special application I search for a cooling system with the following needs:   Contact area at least 40mm x 40mm Mounting ability for 120mm fan Fan must blow from the side Of course best price for performance, price should not really exceed ~40EUR Heatpipes If it has direct contact heatpipes, the typical gap between the heatpipes and the rest of the contact area metal may not be bigger than 0.2mm Size (without fans) should not exceed roughly 150mm cube   The following feature might be nice, but need not to be included:   A fan (don't care about noise, can run at 4000rpm) Possibility for push/pull fan mounting direct heatpipe contact all contact area copper heatsinking fins copper   *well of course also for beer.
I am looking to build a Steam OS box, I would like to run 'light' native Steam OS games and stream the rest from my powerful windows box.      What are my options for a motherboard that fits the requirements listed and (with a case/CPU/RAM) is close to 400 USD?     Valve Min Requirements (ref)   Processor   Intel or AMD 64-bit capable processor   Hard Drive   {Support for} 500GB or larger disk  Video Card   Intel, NVIDIA, or AMD (RADEON 8500 and later if AMD)  Additional   UEFI boot support, USB port for installation       My Requirements   Quiet   Above everything else this box must be whisper quiet. The Box is better if smaller but does not need to be tiny. For the Mobo it's CPU should be able to support a custom cooler that is quiet.  Built in Wifi AC and Gigabit NIC   I would like to use my existing wi-fi ac for now (even though it works poorly) and later cabled ethernet when I get the time to do reno's. I plan to stream 4k if possible from my windows box.  Built in HDMI 2.0   As mentioned before I would like to have a 4k TV and even if the steam can not handle fast refresh rate I would like my box to be able to provide the capability. (Display port would also be nice.)  Built in USB 3+   Having 5+ USB ports (/w 1+ as USB 3) would be helpful  Built in Blue Tooth   Helpful as I can see a lot of input devices using BT in the future.  Built in Surround Sound   Surround sound capability, 7.1 with 3.5mm jacks on the mobo preferred.  Ability to upgrade   SSD M.2 upgradability would be nice The ability to swap in a decent sized PCIe video card. The ability to have 16 gigs of RAM      Additional Information  From what I could find Valve does not have a compatible hardware list but because Steam OS is built on Debian I would rather use hardware that has a good track record of working on Debian if possible. On the flip side I would like to use newer lower power (14nm) hardware if possible as I intend to leave the box running. If all fails I may opt for the Steam Link and later go for a Steam OS box.  UPDATE: I prefer to build the system and install Steam OS myself. I have modified this question to refer to only the motherboard, once that is chosen I will add a question for what case/CPU/RAM works best with it because they are quite dependent on the motherboard selection.
I'd like to know two things: - Max amount of RAM and - quickest RAM that goes into a MacbookPro current (2015 second half) version which I believe is called 2012 version.  I went to www.crucial.com where the suggested product for me was CT3373650. It is DDR3 PC3-12800 • CL=11 • Unbuffered • NON-ECC • DDR3-1600 • 1.35V • 1024Meg x 64. Right.  SIZE: Basically Apple says that 8GB is the most it supports. You can find many articles saying it supports 16GB no prob. Right. Does it support 32GB? Does it support CT2KIT204864BF160B? Which comes with similar specs if I'm right just it's 2048Meg x 64; which I believe is the same as CT2K8G3S160BM (just the first link is a marketing thing)  SPEED: I was searching for same spec just faster (lower CL) ones so I ended up with these: CT2K8G3S1339M and BLS2K8G3N169ES4 which both seem to have same specs just with lower CL. I asked Crucial in chat and they said they do Not recommend these, they will not work. As of my knowledge If you put a faster RAM into your computer all it will happen is that the CPU won't wait that much: a RAM is always slower than a CPU is (let's say always for this example).  So my question if Crucial is right or wrong: will I be able to use CL 9 RAM in this computer?  I haven't found a 2X16GB faster so no example for that one...  (Sorry for not putting up links. I don't have enough reputation to do it.)
I was hoping someone would be able to recommend which Intel skylake CPU will give me longest battery life? m3, m5 or m7?  I am a uni student, thinking about buying a Surface Pro 4 (or clone from Lenovo Miix 700, Dell XPS 12, HP Spectre x2, etc) and main tasks will be word processing, web surfing and email, downloading and watching lectures, youtube.  I am planning on making the purchase in december.  I am planning on optimising Windows 10 to give me longest battery life... and need help with selection of CPU when making Surface Pro 4 (or clone) purchase.  I am planning on 8gb RAM and 256gb ssd  Can I please get some opinions? Which m3/m5/m7 Intel Skylake CPU is best optimised for battery life, when win 10 is optimised for battery life.   Also, any recommendations on how to optimise MS win 10 for battery life will be appreciated.
I'm looking for some headphones. They will be primarily used for making music at home, as well as occasionally being used for live music. They will also be used quite a bit for just general home use. (listening to music, playing games, watching movies, etc.) I have been using a friend's Bose qc-15's for a while, and I only have two major complaints with them.   They don't feel super durable. I wouldn't call them flimsy, but the don't seem super rugged either. I have broken plenty of cheap earbuds in the past, and I want to make sure my next purchase lasts me a long time. There are small children in my house that don't have the same respect for expensive electronics as I do, so the more rugged the better.  Mandatory noise-cancelling. I can't use them without using the noise-cancelling, so the require batteries. I'm on my computer listening to music a lot, so I feel like I'm constantly shoving new batteries into this pair of headphones.   So now I'm looking to get my own pair.   Requirements   Over-ear, not earbuds. Durable. I don't really even care if they look nice, I just want to know that they will last several years or longer. No batteries required. Optional use of batteries would also be OK, (For example, optional noise-cancelling) but I don't really care if they're noise cancelling or not. Noise reducing, not cancelling. This should go without saying, but must support stereo, and have 1/8 in. audio plugin. In the 80-120 USD range.    Preferences   High-quality sound. I realize that I'm not going to get studio-quality for only $100, but I'd like the highest quality possible while still staying on budget. Comfortable.   Not necessary, but would be nice   A case. Replaceable parts. This goes back to the whole durability thing, because it would be nice to just replace the part that breaks if something were to happen to them. I'm sure that I wouldn't be able to replace all of it, so if it was just the auxiliary cable that was replaceable, that would still be awesome.
I'm looking for a replacement for an aging 15.6" Dell laptop, and as I had a good experience with it, I try to remain loyal to Dell. The Dell laptop which fits my requirements the best would be a Dell Inspiron 5548 or 5558, with an i7-5500U CPU and 8 GB RAM, and a 2 or 4 GB dedicated graphic card.  My biggest concern is the low resolution of the display. A 768 vertical resolution is just too low for my tastes.  Basically, I'm looking at the following specifics:  Must have   computational power at about the same level as the Dell Inspiron 55548/5558 presented above (i7-5500, 8 GB RAM) dedicated graphics card. The GeForce 920M in the Dell 5558 is more than good enough, I don't need any heavy-duty gaming card, I just had bad experiences with integrated graphics cards and I want to have a dedicated one, even if low-spec. price category similar to the Dell 5558. It can be slightly more, but not by orders of magnitude, of course. The top specs of the 5558 cost approximately between 800 and 1000 Euros (£570 - £710, $880 - $1100). USB 3.0 Removable battery. I tend to use it as a desktop computer for extended time periods, I don't want to waste my battery life-cycles during this time. Or was it an issue only for older batteries that using them while plugged in the mains significantly reduced their total lifetime? 15.6 inch display At least a vertical resolution of 800 pixels. (as such displays are no longer produced, I guess it will boil down to a 1920 x 1080 screen) I guess there is no modern laptop without HDMI and without any Wifi, so I don't know if I even had to mention them. A screen which is not too dark. My old screen was slightly above 230 cd/m2, I don't want any screen which is much darker. Availability in Europe   Very important   CD/DVD drive. I need that a lot, and I don't want to carry around an external drive all the time. Integrated webcam. Doesn't have to be good, it just has to exist. VGA. I sometimes need to use older projectors which only have VGA input.   Nice to have   WiFi on/off button. A case which doesn't bend or fall apart when carrying it around in a bag. Dell, but mostly out of subjective reasons IPS screen, but it seems hard to get one for laptops in this price range. Preferably an SSHD by default, so I don't have to replace it if it only comes with a simple hard drive.   The biggest issues which kept me from buying a Dell 5548 or 5558 was the 768 vertical resolution of the display, and the lack of an optical drive in case of the 5548, and I also didn't like the lack of VGA. The brightness also seems to be around 200 cd/m2.  The nearest I could find was a Lenovo Ideapad Z51 70, but two things put me off: the battery is not removable, and the screen brightness is quite poor at only 200 cd/m2.  Another alternative I found performance-wise was an Asus F550JX, but it is very hard to find any information about them online, as the Asus naming conventions don't seem to be very friendly. It also seems to lack a removable battery.
Recently I started a study on long term context of a user. For that I concentrate on Android Wear specifically; I am looking into heart rate sensors. My goal is to map the users heart rate over a extended period. After collection I would then focus on error correction and data reduction, resulting in an analysis specific to the user.  In order to make this possible I would need 'continuous readings from a smart wearable'; meaning that i need at least a heart rate reading every 5-10 minutes. Since I am new to the smart watch/wearables I thought I'd ask a few questions here.   I am looking into all sorts of wearables. For example Fitbit, Polar etc for more enthusiastic users. But the internet is huge, and I am looking for some opinions on what platform to choose. Currently I am looking into Fitbit, Polar (with a personal app for this project), and an android wear device (currently moto 360). Please recommend one of these models. I would particularly like details of any programming interface (how easy is it to retrieve data) and strong positives and negatives of the device. I am looking into the Huawei watch, but this model does not offer an always on heart rate sensor. Would it be possible to produce an app that measures a pulse every 5 minutes and sends that data to an app on a phone?   Keep in mind I need to access the heart rate data. So if there isn't a platform available to receive the data besides a native app, it won't be of use.
I am looking to equip my car with some cameras and a recorder. The specs might sound a little James Bond when you read it, but I would like to get it running without Q from the MI6, or needing their funds. :-)  I'm okay with spending some more if the constraints require it, but if there is a cheap solution that's a little worse, that might be fine too.   If something is unclear or underspecified, please let me know!   Power supply:   The whole thing should run 24/7, so a low power profile would be good to not drain the car battery too much.   Cameras:   Best would be two or three cameras inside of the car, so they are protected and "hidden", so not immediately visible. Small black box mounted on the back of the rear view mirror is okay too.  Night vision without extra light (only from street lamps, no IR light) would be really nice. Also highly dynamic, like reading the licence plate of a car that has lights on. Long ago I read CMOS is better suited for that than CCD, is this still the case? Resolution should be recognize cars or persons in case something happens. Let's say anything that is between 5 and 20 meters away should be sharp. Is this possible with a fixed lens or does it need autofocus? If it does, best would be if it works without sending a signal like a focus grid. Same as the IR lights, I just don't want to tip off thiefs or whatever that there is a camera running. Cabling should be simple, so best everything on 12 volts and I think the cables to the recorder could get as long as 6-8 meters. Image quality should be around one mega pixels for "normal" 4:3 or 16:9 cameras. Or what would be even better, if it is wide angle around 2-3 mega pixels. I thought about two wide angle cameras or four normal ones, so around 4-6 mega pixels in total. Monochrome image is okay.   Recorder:   No display needed. Data from all cameras should be stored 24/7 and maybe one week. Should connect to the wireless network while I am near home and record the data directly onto a home server and transfer all recorded data too. Data processing should happen on the home server to reduce power consumption in the car, like which images changed at all or compression algorithms. I thought about a raspberry pi, but only know the open circuit boards. If there is a version with full housing that would be perfect. Or specialized recorder hardware, whatever works. If multiple cameras is too much for one recorder, multiple recorders might be good too so each can use shorter cables.   Storage:   Should survive shocks during car rides, so a spinning disk might be bad, but with 3 images per second(?!) that should be around 10 tera bytes of SSD??    Weather:   Not sure if the camera should be in the car or outside, one would need weather protection, the other something to work when the windshield is fogging. Temperature is usually -10°C to 40°C here, but if the car parks longer in the sun, it could go up to 90°C?   If this is too much for one question, I could also split it up?
I'm looking for a USB microphone to create recordings of instruments.  It must:   be compatible with Windows 10 via USB have appropriate frequency range (I want it to include as much of the spectrum as possible so I can edit as I need) be reasonably cheap (I'm hoping to get it for under £20/$30) be in shops in the UK, so I'm not paying overseas delivery (obviously) produce the best quality recording possible   Bonus points for easy setup, easy compatibility with Audacity, and lower prices. Now I'm sure I've missed some things, so yell at me if y'all want more info.
I'm currently choosing parts for my new computer. I'm doing a lot of image processing and some of my algorithms are parallelized. In my free-time, I'm additionally up for some gaming.  My current system, although already built in 2011, runs an Intel Core i7-2700K with 4 real cores (8 HT) and 3.50GHz base frequency. This guy still rocks and looking through today's CPU's kind of give me the feeling that physical limitations for faster machines are clearly visible.  After reading and looking through the prizes, I thought I found my favorite CPU for the next system, which is a Intel Core i7-6700K 4GHz, but then I saw this comparison:    Apparently, the Intel Core i7-5820K with 6 cores (which is the 5th and not the 6th generation) is in many tests faster. Important for me is of course, that the CPU supports DDR4 memory, which it does.  Question: Taking into account that the prize is the same for both processors, I would be glad if someone had a recommendation. I'm keen to hear whether the difference in architecture (Skylake-S vs. Haswell-E) is somehow important for me. Probably there are other things I haven't considered.
Long story short, the motherboard of my 7 year old PC died and I'll need a new one. I plan to use it mainly for gaming (Elder Scrolls series, Fallout series, League of Legends, Crusader Kings, ...) with potentially getting into a bit of programming or video editing down the line.  I'll be reusing the case, mouse, keyboard, monitor, and probably also the GPU of my old computer. The plan being that upgrading the GPU becomes my first major upgrade in the coming months.  I'm happy to run my games at 30 fps, but I'd like that to also be true for the games I'll be playing 3 years from now.  The main issue is that I'd like a computer that will last at least 4 years (preferably longer), but my budget is only around €500-600 ($550-660) and I'm concerned that won't be enough for what I want. So price is a very serious concern for me.  The first order of business is choosing the CPU. I decided I want a quad core because supposedly that will be needed to run Fallout 4, but all I know about processors is that quad core is better than dual core and that unlike 15 years ago the processing speed is no longer the sole thing that determines how good a CPU is.  I should probably also mention that I don't plan to play Fallout 4 on release, but instead pick it up during a Steam sale in a year or two. However, since I plan my PC to last longer than 2 years and it can't run without a CPU, I still want the CPU I get now to be good enough for it.  Questions:   AMD or Intel? I'm more interested in cost efficiency than peak performance. I want to get something better than the bare minimum required to run FO4 in order for my PC to be somewhat future proof, but I'm not sure how far over the bare minimum I should go, considering my budget restrictions. The minimum requirements I found online are Intel Core i5-2300 2.8GHz or AMD Phenom II X4 945. Recommended processors for FO4 are Intel Core i7 4790 3.6 GHz or AMD FX-9590 4.7 GHz. Beyond the number of cores and frequency, what other properties are really important in a processor? In the sense of what should someone who knows virtually nothing about processors be careful about when chosing one. I just found out about the new Skylake processors that Intel released a couple of months ago. If I decide to go for Intel, would you recommend me to get one of these? My gut feeling is to go for the new thing because it will last longer, but is it really worth the price?   Links:  I live in Slovenia and have been looking at this website for components and prices:    Original  Google translated Fallout 4 requirements:
I've been searching for a simple Blu-Ray player.  I've notice a lot of Blu-ray players are in the $60+ range, but also come with Wi-Fi/LAN capabilities, able play music, Netflix, all that stuff. I don't really want any of that. I just want to watch a Blu-ray movie and that's it for a reasonable price.   Some things that would be ideal for me,   Cheap USB (So I can connect to my laptop) (External Blu-Ray player) I don't need it to write blu-rays, only read to watch movies (Hopefully drop the price)   If a USB one for a lower price is not an option, a standard one the connects to a TV through HDMI will be fine.  I was hoping for the $20-30 range if those even exist.   I was thinking a USB one would be cheaper, but the only ones I could find were ones that also wrote to Blu-Rays.  Which I'm guessing made them significantly more expensive. (I also don't know much about Blu-ray players and if they can even be decoded through USB)  In a nutshell, I just want to watch Blu-Ray movies for $20-30.  UPDATE  So I've been searching a little more and giving this a little more thought.   If I decide to bite the bullet and buy a $70+ Blu-ray player with all the bells and whistles, how easy is it to stream a Blu-ray movie over a network?  I was thinking this would actually be a convenient solution for me. I would be able to connect the Blu-ray player to a TV and also be able to access it elsewhere in the house through the network.    So, to make what I want a little more clear,  -Blu-Ray player (Preferably less than $120 after looking at many prices)  -Blu-Ray player able to be hard wired and have Wifi capabilities  -Capable of streaming over a network to a PC running Windows 10  -Software for PC (Free?)(If needed)   To add a little more detail, both the PC and the Blu-Ray player will be wired into the same router, as I'm assuming streaming a Blu-ray over wifi could be pretty rough.  If someone already has a set-up similar to mine, I would be grateful to know what you have/are using to do this already. I didn't want to get jumpy and buy a Blu-ray player and find some software just to find out nothing is compatible and I wasted my money!
At some point in the future, I'd like to replace my home router with a x86 box running pfsense. I'm rather fond of the NUC form factor for things like this but finding a suitable one has been tricky. My requirements?   No soldered in ram. Might happen, who knows. I'm happy with a single slot tho I'm not picky about the processor. Atom x3 or better. Passively cooled would be awesome. Msata, M2 or regular sata is fine. I'll possibly boot off USB anyway dual gigabit network ports built in. Essential. Would be awesome if one or both are intel. (To make it doubly clear - ethernet ports, gigabit ethernet capable, copper, RJ45 compatible, quantity 2). NUC form factor, though I'm fine with any varient. Optionally built in wifi adaptor that supports hostapd.  Available in/will ship to singapore or the US  Reasonably priced - dosen't make sense for me to pay 2x what a regular nuc class machine costs just for a spare ethernet port. I accept there will be a small price premium. No I will not use a dongle. I considered it. I may do it. Its unacceptable for the scope of this question
I am looking for a USB Switch which allows one device like a keyboard to be connected to 2 systems such as a PC and Laptop and with a button or something you can switch between which system the USB is connected to.  I am looking for one because at work when my break comes in I may want to switch to doing some work on my laptop and I can save a lot of time by setting it up on my desk like another screen and then just switch the keyboard and mouse over to it and back during my break (in case during my break something catastrophic happens and I need to do work - work during my break) and turn my chair around than having to pick it up, move the keyboard and mouse away and ensure the power cable is still going behind the desk so no one trips, and then doing that in reverse.
We have a TV we want to connect to our array of laptops. The laptops have DisplayPort or mini-DisplayPort output while the TV has only 1 HDMI output (alas).  So the obvious solution would be to have an HDMI extension cord M/M that is attached either to an HDMI/DisplayPort (F/M) adapter or an HDMI/mini-DisplayPort (F/M) adapter and you need to plug the adapter depending of your laptop output.  Users being users, they find it hard to switch to the correct adapter so we were wondering if there is an HDMI adapter that support both DisplayPort and mini-DisplayPort so the adapter would be always plugged to the extension cord.  My prior search on the internet seems to indicate such adapter do not exists so maybe there is another way to accomplish what we want.  I envisioned having an HDMI splitter to be able to work with two HDMI output (each plugged with a different adapter) but we are worried about losing signal quality. So we would like your opinion on how should we proceed and suggestions about components we should use.
Current setup, kind of outdated - was built in 2009, except graphics card and a chassis:   chassis: Corsair 650D mobo: Asus P5Q Deluxe CPU: Intel Core2Quad 3GHz @4GHz gfx: Radeon R9 290 psu: Corsair 750W mem: 16GB   I want to keep chassis and gfx card for a new setup.   Looking for a CPU recommendation (no AMD please) which will be better from current one and will allow future upgrade. Computer mainly used for work (web dev, Photoshop, some android coding with unity), casual gaming (Battlefield 4, Battlefront Star Wars (new one), Evolve, etc), music (mp3, Spotify - mostly when doing my work) and movies watching from streaming services (HBO Go, STARZ Go, Plex, Netflix, etc)  Price range something around $250
I recently needed to start using a third screen on my desktop, and the built-in Intel video will only handle two.  For that purpose, I pulled an old ATI 4350 out of the closet. I barely ever used this card because it was very noisy, so I took the fan off and attached the north bridge heatsink from an old motherboard.  It now runs at ~55°C with a little air flowing over it from a case fan.  I'm curious as to how long it will last that way, but since it supposedly can tolerate 120°C (and in fact reached that when I first put the card in, with no fan and no heatsink) hopefully long enough.  But I'm curious what I could have done without this not-very-ideal option.  I don't need this screen for much -- no 3D, no video playback, mostly just generic GUI content such as viewing documentation.  I have an HD monitor attached, so I do want 1920x1080 resolution, which I think requires ~16 MiB of video memory, since 1920 * 1080 * 3 (bytes/pixel) * 2 (double buffer) / 1048576 ~= 12 MiB, and I'm aware of embedded platforms that will display HD with 16 MiB of video RAM.  I was surprised looking around that there doesn't seem to be anything out there to meet this kind of need; the lowest end cards I could find are still on a par with the 4350 (thankfully, there are more fanless options now) with 1/2 GB of video memory and 3D acceleration, and a $40-50 CND price tag.  One of my concerns about these cards is power consumption.  I don't have a watt meter, but the fact that the 4350 idles at 55°C whilst keeping 20g of aluminum very warm too implies it uses an excess of energy for my purposes.  My PSU is fine, I just don't like pointless waste.  Have I missed something?  Is there anything more basic than this around?  Like a low power1 $20 card you can attach a single HD monitor to?  To clarify further  Andy has already mentioned a bottom end 3D card.  I'm aware of these, they are cheap and plentiful and there's nothing wrong with them, but I don't need to see a list of more of them here.  I'm looking for something more specialized in the sense that it can't be a purely integrated chipset, since it's for adding a third screen to a mobo that already has this, but totally basic.  I am sure it is possible to make, e.g., a 64 MB PCI card with a GPU that doesn't require any cooling or heatsink at all, and consumes <= 5 watts.  But I suspect no one has bothered to do so.    1. Less than 5 watts would be great; less than 15 is okay.
I am confused about which one of these processors to buy. I will pair it with two NVidia GeForce GTX 980 Ti (SLI). Also, I don't plan on too many upgrades and also I won't be overclocking 'too much'. The processors:   Intel Core i7-4790K   Devil's Canyon Haswell Refresh 4 Cores / 8 Threads 4.00 GHz  Intel Core i7-5820K   Haswell-E 6 Cores / 12 Threads 3.60 GHz  Intel Core i7-6700K   Skylake-S 4 Cores / 8 Threads 4.00 GHz    The 5820K and 6700K are the same price and also require DDR4 RAM and 99/170 series chipset motherboards, all of which are expensive. The 4700K and its supporting platform are comparatively cheaper. I am not willing to spend a lot of money. I will be mainly gaming and apart from that just surfing on the  internet.  Uses:   Playing games like GTA V, Assassin's Creed Unity, WWE 2K16 etc. with > 60fps at 1440p Using Blender Cycles. If you don't know, Cycles uses pretty much 100% of all your resources. It takes hours to render a complex image with my current GTX 260. Not much except the above. Additional (not required but still) - Good Handbrake performance.   Budget: Total Build < $3000 (including a 1440p display but excluding other peripherals like mouse, keyboards, speakers, etc.). My build:   CPU - (That's the question) Motherboard - (Cheapest with good features and SLI Support, depending on CPU) GPU - ASUS GTX 980 Ti STRIX 6GB GDDR5 Memory - 16 GB DDR3 or 8 GB DDR4 (This might also be a deciding factor.) Display - ASUS PG278Q 1440p 27" Monitor Case - Corsair SPEC-02 Red PSU - Corsair RM-850 Storage - 1x128 GB SSD + 1x3TB HDD. (Again, cheapest with the most gigs)
I know Project Fi recently rolled out and currently requires a Nexus 5x or Nexus 6p. At the time I'm writing this, no other phones currently support Project Fi, but are there any others in the pipeline that will work, which will be released (or have been released later)?
A family member is moving into a new home soon, and for various reasons I've recommended that they purchase a 4G router instead of continuing to use landline broadband:   Mobile data is insanely cheap- the provider that I've suggested they use have an offer on PAYG (Pay As You Go [prepay]) that gives completely unlimited data as long as the SIM card is topped up £10 every 14 days; Using 4G is cheaper than landline broadband- £20/month for 4G or £24/month for landline broadband; I've measured the 4G speed from within a house visit, and the speed I got was 90 Megabits/s. The maximum speed on the £24/month landline broadband is ~16 Megabits/s. I've already confirmed with the mobile provider that purchasing a SIM card on a PAYG package and using it exclusively for 4G Internet does not violate any of their terms.; The cost of the 4G router would be earned back in two-three years   I've been searching for a 4G router for them to use, but however most seem to be portable routers.  There are a couple of home 4G routers that I've found:   Huawei B593s-22; D-Link DWR-921   The idea of replacing home broadband with 4G hasn't caught on yet, possibly because in many countries landline broadband is faster than 4G.  I'm currently leaning towards the Huawei router, but are there any others which are better? I use a Huawei smartphone so I know they are a reliable brand.  Some requirements:   Should be readily available- no 'oh look, someone wants to browse a website, let's connect to 4G'; Should have the ability to wall-mount, or alternatively attach a 4G signal booster aerial; Should be suited to home networking (don't want a portable router); Be at least Wireless N, if not Wireless AC Not portable- Portable 'MiFi' routers often have a very low WiFi signal range. This device will be used in a home, in place of a standard WiFi broadband router. Should have at least two LAN ports, preferably the standard four.
Current setup, kind of outdated - was built in 2009, except graphics card and a chassis:   Corsair 650D chassis Asus P5Q Deluxe motherboard Intel Core2Quad 3GHz @4GHz Radeon R9 290 GPU Corsair 750W PSU 16GB RAM   I want to keep chassis and gfx card for a new setup.  Looking for a motherboard recommendation which will handle Intel i5 4690K CPU and will allows me to keep that new setup for another next 4-5 years at least (upgrade CPU, upgrade gfx card, etc), ability to OC.  I have read that anything on Z97 will be fine but there are too many options to go for and I have no clue which one will have longer life span (BIOS updates, better support etc)  Price something below $250    After some research I have found those motherboards interesting:   ASRock Z97 Extreme6 MSI Z97 Gaming 5 GIGABYTE GA-Z97X-UD5H ASRock Fatal1ty Z97 Killer  Gigabyte G1 Gaming GA-Z97X Gaming 5   Now I will review each of them in a depth and will pick that one which will fits the most.
The title pretty much says it all. I'm assembling a budget gaming PC and decided for an AMD Athlon X4 860K processor and now I need to chose a motherboard for it.  My total budget for the PC is €500-600 ($550-660).  I'll be using my PC to play games such as the Fallout series, the Elder scrolls series, League of Legends, Crusader Kings 2 and such. I'm using Fallout 4 as a benchmark for performance. Ideally I'd like the computer to also be able to eventually run Elder Scrolls 6, but it'll probably take some 3-6 years before they make that one, which makes system requirements difficult to predict.  In case it's somehow relevant, I'm thinking about using the opportunity to switch to Linux and Wine instead of spending money on another edition of Windows.  I'd like to start out with 8 or 16GB RAM and have the option to upgrade to 32GB in the future.  Integrated graphics card would be nice to have as backup if my GPU fails. This is mainly a concern because I might reuse the 7 year old GeForce 9600 GT from my previous computer to save costs now and get a new graphics card as the first major upgrade.  I'm aware the old GPU will be unable to run Fallout 4, but I'm not planning to play the game at release. I intend to get it during a Steam sale by which time I'll have also upgraded to a modern GPU.  I'll probably get all the components from here. It's a Slovenian website so there might be a bit of a language barrier for most of you. I tried running it through Google translate, but that broke the configurator tool. Essentially the tool works by selecting components from the dropdown menu, starting with a processor, then motherboard, then everything else. "Matina ploša" is motherboard. The components themselves have standard international names.  The website lists the following motherboards as available (from least to most expensive):   ASRock FM2A88X Extreme4+, AMD A88 Mainboard - FM2+ ASRock FM2A78M-HD+, DDR3, SATA3, HDMI, USB3, FM2/FM2+ mATX GIGABYTE GA-F2A78M-D3H S-FM2+ mATX  Gigabyte F2A88XM-D3H, AMD A88X Mainboard - FM2+ GIGABYTE GA-F2A88XM-D3H, DDR3, SATA3, USB3, HDMI FM2+ mATX GIGABYTE GA-F2A88XM-D3H 3.0 FM2+ mATX Gigabyte F2A88X-D3H, AMD A88X Mainboard - FM2+ ASRock FM2A88X Extreme4+, AMD A88 Mainboard - FM2+ ASRock FM2A78M-ITX+, AMD A78 Mainboard - FM2+ GIGABYTE G1.SNIPER A88X, DDR3, SATA3, USB3, HDMI FM2+ ATX   The description of numbers 1 and 6 says that the motherboard is intended for AMD processors that have an integrated GPU, which the Athlon X4 860K has not. I'm guessing that means I should probably pick one of the other eight, but I'm pretty clueless when it comes to hardware and have no idea which one.  So finally, my question is which of the listed motherboards would be best for my needs? Or would you suggest a model not on the list?
I am looking for a device that would allow me to send mouse clicks to a laptop by contracting abdominal muscles.   Ideally, it can detect when abdominal muscles stay contracted, in which case one can configure to either send click at regular interval (i.e. every X miliseconds), or hold left click down to allow for drag and drop, area selection, etc.  Any price, operating system requirements, and geographical availability is fine.  I didn't find the Makey Makey convenient for that use.
I bought this PC from Best Buy a few months ago, found it works pretty well on older games like Assassin's Creed II but starts to lack only in Brotherhood. Here is the the PC and here is my PC Part Picker List.  (please not that some of the items on the list are just place holders because they did not have the actual part that is in the computer...)  I am looking to upgrade to the NVIDIA GTX 970 ASUS STRIX edition and my power supply is 400 Watt ATX. I put all the specs into PC Part Picker and it says that the estimated wattage is 349 Watts for my PC after the upgrade. So, is 50W enough headroom for my upgrade? If not, how many watts would a decent amount of headroom be?
I do quite a bit of camping and backpacking, so I would find a portable solar cell to power my smartphone and laptop quite useful. I would like the solar cell to:   Have both 19 volt and 12 volt output Have 2.4 amp USB Weigh less than 10 pounds Fold in a way that makes it fit into a backpack Cost under $200- this is the maximum I am willing to spend- no budging I would also appreciate it supporting a 90 watt power cord like this one, as I would rather not buy another adapter. Optional: Have an on-board battery of over 10000 MAh.
I have a customer who is looking to extend the output of a weather station into a second aircraft hangar at an airport.  The vendor has approved doing this, but says that any solution we implement must be done "after the monitor." The output is a single VGA port.  They have explained that this means the signal must go from the station to the primary display without any interruption in signal.  I am looking for a way to use an ethernet based or even IP based extender in this configuration.  Does a monitor with a video-out passthrough exist? The requirement for uninterrupted signal to the main display leaves out the use of a splitter device, but I am wondering if they will allow a passive Y-Cable.  We are checking on that, but I am looking for alternatives if that falls through.  EDIT: The vendor confirmed that a splitter cable is NOT acceptable, so a pass-through monitor would be the only option.
I am a developer, I develop web and android applications. So for that I use tools like netbeans android studio Photoshop , git, Chrome with lots of tabs opened. Most of the time I need to keep them open all the time. I am planning to buy a new laptop. I know many people will suggest I must have a SSD, but after some research I have found that I can't afford a laptop with both SSD and the configuration I want, and I do not want to buy a macbook. After some research, I have sorted out some laptops.   ASUS K555LN-5500U 5th Gen Core i7 Processor: Intel Core i7 5th Gen 5500U 2.40 GHz (3.00 GHz by Turbo Frequency) 4MB Cache RAM: 8 GB  DDR3, HDD: 1 TB SATA NVIDIA® GeForce® GT 840M with 2GB DDR3 VRAM Display: 15.6" 16:9 HD (1366 X 768) LED   Dell Inspiron N5548 Intel Core i7 5th Gen Processor: 5th Gen. Intel Core i7 5500U 2.40 GHz (3.00 GHz by Turbo Frequency) 4MB Cache RAM: 8 GB  DDR3, HDD: 1 TB SATA Display: 15.6" 16:9 HD (1366 X 768) LED   My question is will the above laptop serve my purpose? If they which one should I buy? Or are there any other laptop can serve my purpose?
I'm looking for a way to upgrade my Dell Vostro 470's space for not a lot of money.  Requirements:   Under $50 1TB+ storage Have the cable for the motherboard with it (if not then add a link to one with your answer) Reliable brand   BONUSES   Would be great if it were a USB-external drive Would be useful if had warranty (can be purchased separately, for $10 or lower)   Options:  ----------OPTION A----------  I found this HDD for $27   Link   *However when I go on the site (sierracompenents.com or something along those lines) it says minimum amount: $200, but when I go to cart, I says 'Amout: 1' & 'Price: $27' , but is this a glitch? [I'm going to contact them]  1TB (+) Case (-) $27 price tag (-) No Sata cable (-) New (+) No warranty details (-) WD brand (+) Not external (-)  ----------OPTION B----------   Link    1TB (+) Case (+) $35 price tag (+) No Sata cable (-) Used (-) No warranty details (-) WD brand (+) Not external (-)  ----------OPTION C---------  Must meet the requirements at the top page, Sata cable does not need to be included with hard drive shipment but needs to be with answer.  ----------OPTION D----------  Link   1TB (+) Case (+) $55 price tag (--) USB cable (+) New (+) 3 year warranty (++) WD brand (+) external (+)  Bonuses: From BestBuy (reliable service) 1 day shipping    ============================= Thanks to   Zizouz212  for suggesting the edit. If you make a post, please make sure that there are many left in stock as I am going to be finalizing my shopping for Christmas.
When I look at my laptop's screen I feel that my backbone is not straight. And, sometimes I feel neck pain. If I move down my chair (or put the laptop higher) then I have sore arms and shoulders. None of the following images make sense to me. Nobody puts the screen that much high, nor they move their eyes down to look at something on the screen. At the position that is claimed to be correct, you need to move your eyes till the end to see the windows bar.   I would feel much comfortable if I had a chance to move the screen up just the half of the height of the screen in the picture below. So to say, there should be some distance between the keyboard and the screen.    Besides being light-weight, laptops should have sliding hinges that allow users to move the screen up or down. I know that it would change the center of the gravity, but this problem can be solved with a simple trick by the designers. Maybe, there are some companies that are doing it already. I would really like to know the name of these companies.  Besides, with the developing technology (or it feels like that) a small projectors can be used instead of screens on laptops.     EDIT: Price range would be between 500 and 1000 USD
I want a phone, and I don't need 3G/4G/5G/Whatever other Gs there are. Just WiFi. I have been considering the LG Optimus Exceed 2.  Max Price: $40 including shippingLocation: USA  Requirements   Screen size must be in between 4" and 5.5" Resolution must be higher or equal to 800 x 400 Must be touchscreen Must have 802.11g WiFi or better. Must have at least 4GB of internal storage and have at least 1.25GB available Must have either Android or Windows MicroSD slot must support up to 32GB! Must support class 10 SD cards Must have a speaker and microphone Chassis should be less than 0.5" thick   I don't care if...   it's prepaid it doesn't have 2G/3G/4G it doesn't have a rear camera   Strong Preferences   being able to install apps on the MicroSD card screen size greater than 4.4" front camera resolution greater than 1920 x 1080 12 hours of endurance with the battery (standby) and at least 3 hours when being used I would like it to boot up before the next ice age comes and goes!!!
I'm a student and a programmer. I want to buy a laptop which I will use as a workstation. It should be very powerful as well as portable.  Budget: $1750  It should have:   at least 16 GB of RAM (I will possibly play a little with virtual machines) Intel's HQ processor of the sixth generation would be the best. I don't want ultra-low voltage cpu. maximum 2,3 kg of weight 14 or 15 inch screen matte/antiglare screen with good resolution (HD+, FHD or better) not a MSI (I hate their keyboards), not a Macbook replaceable HDD (I already have mSATA SSD, I would like to install it using SATA adapter) not super expensive docking port would be a plus good battery   Does it exist?    There are some good laptops coming. I will probably go with Dell Precision 5000 (new version) or Dell XPS. I'm waiting for the end of this year to buy it. I'm not sure about the prices though. We'll see.
So I got an MP3 player (technically MP4, but the screen is about the size of my thumb), but it's old and obviously doesn't support Bluetooth headsets.  Reason I wanted a Bluetooth headset was due to my earplugs' connection piece constantly breaking after a couple weeks.  Anyway, I found this thingy. It says receiver in the name of the object, but "Music Receiver Transmitter" under "Accessory Type".  So my question is: will it be able to do what I want it to do? And most importantly: will it be able to connect to my Bluetooth headphones without any interface (like on a smartphone or PC)?  If this thing is incapable of doing what I need, can any of you recommend any other device that may work? (preferably no cables, since that would defeat the whole purpose)
Alright, I purchased this PC a few months ago and I am now looking to upgrade the graphics card to the ASUS STRIX GTX 970 and my power supply to the Corsair CX500M because of its good reviews, and I like the idea of having a modular power supply. I cleared out space in my case for these new components, only now I am left wondering if they are truly compatible. I know for a fact that I need ~400 Watts for this to work so I went with a 500 Watt Power supply. The problem is, this PC has a Mother Board that is not too popular.  Mother Board: MSI ms-7641   Will the power supply come with the correct cables for everything to work properly? I am sorry, this may seem like a stupid question to most of you, but as you can probably tell, seeing that I bought a PRE-BUILT PC, that I am new to this. Please, any insight will help my understanding. Thank you for your time.  Here is a link to the Asus GPU, and the Motherboard.
I bought a new guitar amp today. I love it and used it in store so i decided to google it when  get home. On the front of the amp it says its a Marshall 30cfx. EVERY TIME i google it it shows up as a 30 watt amplifier. Mine has "70 watts" written on the back of it. Anyone know what the deal is?   If this is the wrong place just let me know. I couldn't find a category better than this.
A friend of mine is looking for something that can sit, permanently plugged into his hi-fi system, with his external hard drive attached (containing his entire music library) that can be controlled via his iPad over his wifi network.  I realise that one solution is to use a raspberry pi as a sort of music server, the problem with this is that he's not experienced with linux or coding and therefore I'm not convinced this is the best option for him as it would require some tinkering to get setup.    Another solution that we considered was to get a cloud hard drive that would connect to the wifi network and could be accessed from any device connected to the network (i.e. his iPad) but then this still needs another device connected to hi-fi (such as a chromecast audio) that can then play the audio stream.    I feel like there must be a single device that can do this as it must be a common problem.  Obviously he could buy a music server but they are quite expensive and essentially he doesn't need something so overcomplicated, it just needs to connect to the wifi and have a usb port for the hard drive.   Any suggestions are welcome but single device solutions would be greatly preferred.
I have a couple laptops that I'd like to remote into, but they have restrictions in place that prevent me from installing remote software. Is there a hardware solution that I can use to access them over the Internet?  I was thinking maybe something that emulates a keyboard, mouse, and screen that would redirect those over the Internet.
I'm looking for a PSU recommendation for a setup below:   Corsair 650D chassis Intel i5 4690K CPU ASRock Extreme6 mobo Radeon R9 290 GPU 16GB RAM (2x 8GB) 1x SSD 256GB 1x 2TB SATA HDD 2x 1TB SATA HDD as RAID1    and to have some wiggle room to OC.  Price range below $200
Alright, I am looking for a fairly priced CPU that will not hold back the ASUS STRIX GTX 970 very little or not at all. Preferably Intel, as their processor lineup shows to last longer for generations in gaming. Also hoping to use this for Fallout 4.  Thank you!
I'm looking for an e-book reader or tablet for use in a kitchen.  Most of the recipes I use are in electronic form (saved web pages, scans of recipe cards, etc.), and running back and forth between the kitchen and the computer room while cooking is a bit annoying.   Must be kitchen-proof.  That means surviving grease splatters, spills of boiling water, and the occasional dropped knife. Supports HTML, PDF, and either CBZ or folders full of images. Must be able to put files on it from Linux. Prefer an e-ink display.  I've found that backlit displays aren't very good when you're shifting your attention between the display and something else.  No real price requirements, but less expensive is better.  Something that meets requirements 2-4 for less than $30 is also an option, because at that price, I can afford to replace it every time it gets destroyed.
To go into some more detail, I am trying to use an electronic drum set as a drum controller for Rock Band 4 on Xbox One. I have the e-kit I am going to use from this question. This kit has both USB and MIDI out so I should have some flexibility in connecting to some kind of adapter.  Is there an adapter or accessory I can use to connect my e-kit to my Xbox One?    Update:  Snippets from PR and Communications Lead, Nick Chester: http://www.popoptiq.com/last-minute-word-harmonix-rock-band-4/  This is stating how there is no official support for ION Rocker drums and the MIDI Pro Adapter.     I asked two questions about the ION Rocker drums and the MIDI Pro Adapter and Chester’s response to the first was the expected “not at launch we’ve been hearing, but when I pointed out that the MIDI adapter works on the PS4, he said “The tech just happens to work. That’s great! Fortunately, the PS4 can detect and work with wired USB peripherals.       He did confirm that the lack of wired instrument compatibility on the Xbox One was a hardware issue in Microsoft’s hands      As for other things that you’ve probably heard a million times with varying levels of calmness, what about electric drums and ION Rockers? Official word so far has been “not at launch, but is there any news? Any chance Mad Catz has anything in the works in this area?      Chester: No changes here in what we’ve said in the past. We need to launch the core game first and make sure that’s rock solid before thinking about these other things.      From what I’ve seen on the Rock Band sub-Reddit, the Midi Pro Adapter actually works on the PS4 (a Twitch streamer apparently plugged his in and full combo’d “I Bet My Life with it). Was this intentional or just a happy coincidence from how last-gen instruments work on the console?      Chester: The tech just happens to work. That’s great! Fortunately, the PS4 can detect and work with wired USB peripherals.      Chester: The Xbox One simply doesn’t recognize wired USB controllers or instruments. It’s due to security at the console level and how it recognizes and handles peripherals.     Here is a workaround someone posted by using a Guitar Hero: World Tour drum brain and connected an e-kit to it and matched the MIDI settings    Source (very long and ongoing thread): http://forums.harmonixmusic.com/discussion/comment/5189226/#Comment_5189226     Basically I removed a working brain off a broken GHWT drum set. Then moved the midi port to inside the casing. So now I can connect it to my Roland Kit and use the following MIDI settings to match the GHWT drums. Rockbound will recognize it as a GHWT kit so it will not support Pro-Drum mode BUT you can still set up your cymbals to trigger the correct color similar to what a lot of people did in rock band 2.      Snare (red): 38   Tom (yellow): 46   Closed HiHat (yellow): 46   Open HiHat (blue): 48   Tom (blue): 48   Ride (blue): 48   Tom (green): 45   Crash (green): 45   Kick (orange): 36     I will keep this workaround posted here until someone can implement this and post their answer along with their findings.    To Sum Up:  What I am looking for is either some kind of custom made (or official) adapter that can pass the e-kit to the Xbox One directly or a method of using an older RB or GH drum set as a pass-through device (with detailed instructions).  The only requirement on top of basic Rock Band drumming functionality is to be compatible with "Pro-Cymbal Mode".    Additional Update:  Snippet from Harmonix Product Manager, Daniel Sussman: http://www.harmonixmusic.com/blog/the-future-of-rock-band-4/  This is from the company that made Rock Band 4.     We know there are a bunch of other things that are important that we are actively working on (Xbox One support for ION drums, for example). Stay tuned for more info, when we have details, trust that we’ll share them.   This next quote is showing what is their highest priority as of December 15, 2015. I am speculating the support for ION drums won't be available till after January.     We hear everyone clamoring for the export entitlements of previous Rock Band games, so we’re bumping their priority to the top of the list. We’re shooting to have these up in the store for the folks who’ve exported their prior games in January. We’re starting with the original Rock Band and then following up with Rock Band 2 and Lego Rock Band.     Further Update:  From Harmonix regarding to their dev plans for Rock Band 4. For the case of this question, look at the plans in the Fall with these two links and the picture below.  http://www.harmonixmusic.com/blog/online-ions-and-more-a-pax-east-panel-recap/  http://www.harmonixmusic.com/blog/may-dlc-artists-double-kick-support-and-battleborn-characters-heading-to-rock-band-4/
I'm buying a new PC on a relatively tight budget so I decided to reuse my old GPU and get a new one later. I'm now considering getting an i5-4460 as my CPU and I noticed it comes with an integrated graphics card, the Intel HD Graphics 4600.  What I would like to know is how does that compare to my old Geforce 9600 GT? More specifically, is the integrated GPU so good that it makes keeping my old GPU unnecessary?  I'll be using my PC for gaming (Skyrim, League of Legends, Crusader Kings 2, etc.) as well as more serious work. Possibly a bit of video editing if I ever get into that. And as mentioned, I'm planing to get a decent modern GPU as soon as I can afford it.  Links: 1. i5-4460 and Intel HD 4600 specifications 2. Geforce 9600 GT specifications
I need to build a Raid 5 NAS system mainly for storage.   I am considering to use FreeNas server: what hardware would you recommend for a system with 5 HDD (total 3.5TB)?   I also have a pc sitting in my garage, not too old (quadcore, 8Gb ram, 120Gb SSD) but which has only three Sata access, so looking online I found this card: SYBA SY-PCI40010 PCI SATA II (3.0 Gb/s) RAID Controller Card (here the link) Do you think is posisble for me to connect three extra HDD to this card and create a Raid 5 system with a total of five or six HDD?   Thanks
I wanted to buy a laptop for programming.  I am a developer, I develop web and android applications. So for that I use tools like Visual Studio 2015, SQL Server, Netbeans, Android Studio, Photoshop, git, Chrome with lots of tabs opened. Most of the time I need to keep them open all the time. I am planning to buy a new laptop. I know many people will suggest I must have a SSD, but after some research I have found that I can't afford a laptop with both SSD and the configuration .  I searched and found HP ProBook 450 G2according to my budget but I am confused about generations. Let suppose I have these two choices..     HP ProBook 450 G2 Core i5 5th Generation    Hard Drive: 1TB RAM: 8 GB Graphics: 2GB dedicated      HP ProBook 450 G2 Core i7 4th Generation    Hard Drive: 1TB RAM: 8 GB Graphics: 2GB dedicated  Question: Which one do you think is better and why? Is i7 4th generation better than i5 5th generation?    Edit: HERE is the link http://www8.hp.com/pk/en/products/laptops/product-detail.html?oid=6943826#!tab=specs     Processor:   Intel® Core™ i7-5500U with Intel HD Graphics 5500 (2.4 GHz, up to 3 GHz with Intel Turbo Boost Technology, 4 MB cache, 2 cores)  Intel® Core™ i7-4510U with Intel HD Graphics 4400 (2 GHz, up to 3.1 GHz with Intel Turbo Boost Technology, 4 MB cache, 2 cores)  Intel® Core™ i5-5200U with Intel HD Graphics 5500 (2.2 GHz, up to 2.7 GHz with Intel Turbo Boost Technology, 3 MB cache, 2 cores)  Intel® Core™ i5-4210U with Intel HD Graphics 4400 (1.7 GHz, up to 2.7 GHz with Intel Turbo Boost Technology, 3 MB cache, 2 cores)  Intel® Core™ i3-4030U with Intel HD Graphics 4400 (1.9 GHz, 3 MB cache, 2 cores)  Intel® Core™ i3-4005U with Intel HD Graphics 4400 (1.7 GHz, 3 MB cache, 2 cores)  Intel® Celeron® 3205U with Intel HD Graphics (1.5 GHz, 2 MB cache, 2 cores)  Intel® Celeron® 2957U with Intel HD Graphics (1.4 GHz, 2 MB cache, 2 cores)  Intel® Pentium® 3805U with Intel HD Graphics (1.9 GHz, 2 MB cache, 2 cores)  Intel® Pentium® 3558U with Intel HD Graphics (1.7 GHz, 2 MB cache, 2 cores)
I'm searching a laptop, principally for programming and web (YouTube, Twitter...)  Requirements:   My budget is 550 € A minimum of 6GB of ram Quad core processor No GPU needed No OS preference
My organization is looking for my help to find a possible solution for mobile phone CAT5e/6 or Fiber testing.   Our in house techs currently use a Fluke Networks cable verifier. Is there hardware to cut out the cable tester for our techs that already have a company phone, and use an application to test? We are just looking to the future and something to save costs since all of our techs have company phones.  Obviously some sort of hardware will have to be involved, through USB or 1/8th inch, similar to smartphone credit card readers. I am just asking if there is a similar method for cable verification.   I have found this so far:  https://pockethernet.com/  That one I am not so sure about, and they are not producing them at the moment it looks like. Any suggestions or comments are GREATLY welcomed.
Ok, so I want to by a new computer, a mobile workstation. I want some advice on what to choose between these two:  Dell Precision M6800   Intel® Core™ i7-4710MQ (Quad Core 2.50GHz, 3.50GHz Turbo, 6MB 47W, w/HD Graphics 4600) Nvidia® Quadro® K3100M w/4GB GDDR5 17.3" UltraSharp™ FHD(1920x1080) Wide View Anti-Glare LED-backlit with Premium Panel Guarantee 16GB (4x4GB) 1600MHz DDR3L 256GB 2.5inch Serial ATA Solid State Drive $2339   Dell Precision 7510   Intel Xeon E3-1535M v5 (Quad Core 2.90GHz, 3.80GHz Turbo, 8MB 45W, w/Intel HD Graphics P530) Nvidia Quadro M2000M w/4GB GDDR5 15.6" UltraSharp™ FHD IPS (1920x1080) Wide View Anti-Glare LED-backlit 16GB, DDR4-2133MHz SDRAM, 2 DIMMS, ECC 256GB 2.5 inch SATA Solid State Drive $2311   I am buying this laptop for both programming (heavy builds) and intensive graphics operations (video editing in After Effects/Premiere, photography and 3D Graphics). So, what do you think? I tend to choose the second one, but I am not sure about the graphics card...
I am in the search for some recommendation on a good hardware component for building a mesh network with Arduino  I am not experienced in building a mesh network. So all recommendations and guidance would be appreciated.  My case is: I have 10 small robots that I'd like to connect, so they can share data like position and so on.  UPDATE! The robots are build with Arduino Nano, so it would be preferable with a solution that compatible with the Arduino environment.   Also I'd like to log the data from the robots to a laptop. The ideal would be through some sort of USB unit, that can connect to the mesh network and log the data from the robots.   I don't need to send commands over the network, but only statistical data like position etc.  The range of the network would be in an open room, with a maximum of 100m2  I would like an easy setup component, which have to be small, low-energy consumption and not expensive. I know these requirements might be general for all, but I stated them anyway.
I need a new mainbord for my Asus Notebook X53SV-SX178V, because the DC jack is broken and the mainboard is partly cracked.  So I want to order a new mainboard which is called K53SV. There exist different revisions:    2.1 2.3 3.0 3.1   Which is the difference between those revisions and which should i buy? The current mainboard revision in the notebook is 2.1.
Consider an user that mainly uses his notebook for:     surf the web   open 4~6 browsers tabs (ex: google + youtube + amazon + static pages)   run msoffice apps (ex: excel + powerpoint + email)   watch videos     For such users, is there already in the market a tablet with the same performance of standard notebooks?    ps: Budget is not a constraint (say < US$5000). Of course the cheapest would be better.
I need some help choosing a graphics card. I searched a lot about this but still haven't found a good answer. I want to be able to play AAA titles and work with game development, graphics design, programming, and video editing. I'm really new to computer components.  I was thinking a GTX Titan X and GTX 980 Ti (maybe SLI/).  Some people say to stay away from SLI (compatibility and driver issues with games), others say it's only worth it for video editing, others say it's necessary for game development. I'm really confused.  I'm building a new PC &mdash; 3,000$ is my budget. The only item that I wrote on my list to buy is an Intel i7-6700K (which I don't mind changing if need be).  I don't plan to overclock anything unless it will provide a lot of benefit  without too much risk.
Hi I want to purchase a two in one laptop for college to bring around programming. I took a screenshot of the specs that it has. I googled and researched the specs needed for the IDEs Eclipse and Android Studio but I'm still a bit uneducated on the full extent of what I need. With the specs in the screen shot, would I be able to run the IDEs with moderate programming?!  Relevant Specs:   OS: Windows 10 CPU: Intel Core M 5Y10C (800MHz, 2 cores) GPU: Intel HD Graphics 5300 RAM: 4GB Screen: 11.6" 1920x1080 IPS
I'm completing the hardware list for desktop unit, which will be used for programming (60%), data analysis & AI (15%) and gaming (15%), the rest beeing internet browsing.  Budget: 1200$.  I want to go with a setup that could be extended in the future and last for years, and it's my primary objective.   The absolute must-have:    PCI-E v.3.0  USB 3.0 couple of SATA III interfaces   Nice to have:   SLI   DDR4 support   I'm pretty convinced, that I'll go with GeForce GTX 960, 1x8GB RAM, 256GB Adata SSD, and then, when upgrading I will:   add more drives (SSDs are fast, but having 2+ SSDs in RAID 0 is faster) add more RAM if SLI is present, add second 960 GTX buy better processor   Now the question is: is the above logic sound (1) and about the main board and processor (2):  Should I go with a more cost effective, and 100% satysfying my current needs AMD FX-8320 (I'ts actually top 50 best value on CPU-benchmark) sacrificing extensibility, or some cheapest, but still extremly not-cheap, LGA2011-v3 processor, like i7-5820K (or maybe some Xenon?) to have the shiny LGA2011 platform, DDR4 support & and all the goodies of MSI X99 SLI plus?   The disk, memory and graphic card would be same for both AMD and Intel, and cost for all 340$, which leaves about just enough for used i7-xxx and new msi-X99 sli plus, or AMD 8 core (8320/ 8350/ 9590?) + motherboard and 3xx $ in pocket.  What do you think, what would you choose? Am I missing something?  EDIT: this question is about chipset, so it may be treated as a question about motherboard. The difference between ex. AMD 9590 and i7-5820K are not of interest, as long as they do not impact ex. DDR memory, SLI etc.
I'm interested in desktop setup that will last. I've narrowed (thanks to this answer) my motherboard choices to MSI z170 gaming pro and MSI X99 SLI plus. As both cards are quite similar (multiple SATA III, USB 3.0, more than 32GB of RAM), the choice boils down to the chipset: LGA2011-v3 (in MSI X99 SLI plus) or LGA1151 (in MSI z170 gaming pro).  Arguments for LGA2011-v3:   Finally, the 8 cores treshold overcomed, and processors can have ex. 32 threads.  40 PCIe lanes   Arguments for LGA1151:   released in 2015 (vs 2011-v3 being released in 2014) 14 nm litography cheaper twice the link speed   In my understanding, in the 1151 there is still the limit to the number of cores a single processor can have, which is not present in LGA2011.  I'm confused which one will be more supported (ex. better processors will be developped) in the future and what to choose.  [EDIT] more specific questions:   Which one would choose & why? How important is link speed & what is this measure?   Will the LGA1151 overcome the 8 core treshold in next generations like 2011?
Just curious, any suggestions for tablets that run Linux well? There doesn't seem to be much information out there about this, but from my research a few that work well are:   Samsung Slate 7 Acer Iconia W4 Cube i7 Stylus   Anyone know of any others or any resources to help me find a good Linux tablet?   My budget is $200 - $300
One of the most popular trackballs is the Logitech M570 Wireless Trackball.    The big feature missing from their product is a tilting scrollwheel so the user can scroll horizontally.  Is there a thumb-driven Windows-compatible wireless trackball with a tilting scrollwheel that anyone can recommend?
Are there any cell phones that has only programmed speed dial numbers, no texting keypad and works in the UK?  This article suggests some of them but I don't believe any of them would work in the UK.  Unsurprisingly none of is being sold in the UK either   Edit: Sadly this article supports my question
So the thing is, I want to play Fallout 4. I currently consider GTX950, GTX960 and GTX970. I did the research on game-debate but only found what I already knew. The GTX950, GTX960 seem to have great performance and are relatively cheap, however the 970 peaks, probably because of 256 bit interface.   Budget: I'd like to keep it under $250, but can be stretched if it's really really worth it.  What card (not necessarily from ones mentioned) would you recommend, for the rest of setup being:   Kingston 8GB 3000MHz HyperX Savage Black CL15 MSI Z170A GAMING PRO (Z170 3xPCI-E DDR4) Intel i5-6500 3.20GHz 6MB BOX A-DATA 240GB 2,5'' SATA SSD Premier SP550 Monitor: Eizo FlexScan S1901 (1280 x 1024)   Also, any suggestions regarding above setup are welcomed.  EDIT: Also, I plan learning to program for CUDA, so I guess only GeForce is on the table.
I'd like a fast start up and decent display. Maybe light gaming.  I was thinking:   SSD 8/16GB RAM 15.6" HD Screen   Budget under £400.
The new Surface Pro 4 seems a pretty solid machine and I'm looking to get one as my new mobile workstation since I travel a lot for work (compared to the back-breaking Dell workstation I currently have to drag everywhere). But I also want it to be reasonably good at running modern games, though they don't have to be at their highest settings or pulling 90FPS. Thankfully there are several options, but I'd like advice on which (if any) will make the most difference versus their cost.  Here are the configurations I'm considering:   i5 / 4GB / 128GB ($999) i5 / 8GB / 256GB ($1299) i7 / 8GB / 256GB ($1599)   There's also the i7 with 16GB but it's a bit more expensive than I'd like to pay.  I'd like to get the most bang for my buck out of it in terms of performance. Primarily it will be a work computer but if I occasionally want to fire up a newer game, what's the lowest model on the list that will comfortably handle it?  Note that I listed the SSD sizes simply for comparison of the benefits. Their size is not critical to the question, but could make the difference if I'm on the fence between the two i5s.  Edit: Based on the answers so far it seems the Surface Book with the dedicated GPU may be the better way to go for gaming. Is the GPU itself the limiting factor? As far as I can tell the other hardware (aside from the screen) is the same. In the price range of the i5 Book with GPU ($1900 USD) is there anything else that offers better gaming performance while still being highly mobile and functional?
I am looking to buy a new GPU for a half gaming half graphics design system.   Current specs are:   i7-4790 CPU GTX 750 GPU 500 Watt PSU 2x 1TB HDD   Design Software in Use:   Adobe Illustrator Sony Vegas Home Edition AutoDesk Inventor 2016   Budget: $250  I am looking for a slightly more powerful GPU (one for both rendering and gaming at 1080p 60fps), however I would like something relatively cheap (it would be even better if I do not have to upgrade the PSU). I was looking at the GTX 950 and GTX 960, however I am not sure which one is superior for the price to performance ratio. I would like to stay away from AMD GPUs because they would require me to purchase a new PSU. The main question is, am I overlooking a better video card for my needs? Or would one suggest the GTX 950 or the GTX 960?
I want to use my nexus 5x to make presentations, but apparently, there is no video support. I tried an asus miracast dongle, but that is spotty at best. So it appears that my only good option is to use a chromecast device, but my university uses the 802.1x protocol, which chromecast apparently does not support.   Is there a way to use a travel router to do what I want? I see two options:   The router does not connect to the internet and simply allows my phone and the chromecast to communicate. I don't know if chromecast needs internet access to work. It connects to the internet using the 802.1x protocol, but then provides a different protocol (11n, etc) for my phone and the chromecast.    Will either of these options work? Or some other setup? Specific hardware suggestions are of course welcome.
I have a cable box in my room and wish to connect it to my laptop, Asus N56VB. The cable box has a HDMI output, and the laptop itself has a HDMI port as well, which I know is an output only.  My question is, can I use some device, like a HDMI capture box, to watch TV in real time?  The cable box has the following connectors:   Picture number 1 Picture number 2   Possible devices:   AVerMedia AVerCapture HD HDMI-Cloner Box   I have been told that I can use them, but it seems strange because they pass the video/audio using a HDMI cable, but as far as I know, the HDMI port on my laptop is output only.  Or maybe I need the Magewell HDMI to USB 3.0 Video Capture Dongle.  Thank you.
I am looking for a case to support my server build that will consist of an ASUS Z10PE-D8 motherboard and would like to incorporate two ATX/EPS PSU's along the lines of Corsair RM850i.     It needs at least eight 3.5" HDD mounts for SAS and two 2.5" SSD mounts for system drives. It also needs ample cooling for a dual Xeon E5-2620V3's and 64GB of RAM, as it will run hot.  A 5.25" front housing would be beneficial but not absolutely necessary.  I am looking below £300. A tower is preferable. With rack mounted, I'd have to reduce the budget to £200 to factor in some of the cost of rails and a cabinet.
Does it exist a USB/bluetooth flash drive? I frequently need to copy data from a personal computer (I do not have bluetooth dongle) and a tablet. So I'm thinking about an hardware key acting as a flash drive but with both USB (for the PC) and bluetooth (for the tablet) interfaces.
I am investigating the possiblities of upgrading my current build for games like: Fallout 4, SC2: LotV and Star Wars: Battlefront.   My current build:  CPU: AMD A10-7600   CPU cooler:  Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO    Motherboard: MSI A88XM-E35    RAM: Kingston HyperX Savage 2x4GB DDR3 2133Mhz                  GPU: Nvidia GeForce GT630 2GB DDR3    Storage:    Kingston SSDNow 120GB SSD An array of 3 hard drives consisting of a 250 GB and two 1TB drives     PSU: A 550 watt power supply (I'll look up which brand it is)  I want to know what to upgrade, since I had the following things  already pointed out:   Sticking to DDR3 RAM (and it's pretty cheap to get another kit of 8GB) I prefer to upgrade my card to the AMD R9 380 card instead of a Nvidia GTX950 or whatever I will stick to gaming at 1920 x 1080  Keeping the upgrades as ‘cheap’ as possible (want to make the most of my current parts) My budget ranges from 300 to 500 euros in total (considering I want to upgrade certain components and not buying a completely new build).
I'm looking for a new alarm clock.  My wife is hyper-sensitive to lights in the bedroom, but we both like to know what time it is without having to reach over to the nightstand (this seems to make it harder to get back to sleep) and I often get up long before her.  I've spent hours searching, but there are just so many out there and the terminology to describe what I need is so generic as to make it impossible to find.  To make matters worse, most alarm clocks seem to be getting brighter and louder than they were 30 years ago, and many seem to tout the very features I don't want (loud alarm, night light, etc.). I need an alarm clock that meets the following requirements:   Plug in with battery backup--I can't afford to have the batteries die or the power go out in the middle of the night and not get woken up. Very low light: Constantly lit so we can read it from about 4 feet away, but giving off less light than a single micro LED (even that often casts a shadow in a dark room), while still visible during the day without manual adjustment--probably a tritium or phosphorescent display. Highly adjustable alarm loudness.  I currently use a clock-radio with the volume on VERY low--it can barely be heard from across the room, not at all with the furnace blower going. Less than $20   It would be really cool and I'd be willing to pay extra if it had any of the following features:   Bluetooth connectivity/speaker for daytime use Automatic daylight savings adjustment iPhone (lightning) charging/dock Multiple alarm settings for weekday/weekend   FYI: my current system is a clock-radio with paper put over the LED display to dim it sufficiently, but it's now so dim that it can't be seen during the day at all, and the radio isn't great--the reception is affected by the proximity of my hand to the radio.
My root WiFi access point has WPA2-PSK(AES/TKIP) security. I want to extend it with different SSID and passphrase.  I found TP-Link devices at affordable price such as, WA-701ND V1, TL-WR702N but I guess they do not support root access point with WPA2-PSK security. I have requirement like this but TL-WA701ND V2 is currently not available in India.  Recommend me such hardware of any brand available at online shopping portals.
So, I've got an Asus k53sv laptop with an i7 2630qm processor and want to upgrade to an i7 3820qm. Their sockets and power consumption are the same, as listen on Intel's website, so I don't see why it wouldn't work. Only concern is whether a driver mismatch might occur. Do you think this would work?
I am looking for a graphics card that works well (i.e. has good performance) with the open source drivers that are part of the Linux kernel (version 4.2). I don't need monster performance (not interested in gaming at all) but at least the desktop environment (GNOME Shell) and WebGL in the browser should work smoothly. Cost should be €100 or less.  I have done a lot of research already but now once again bought a graphics card (Radeon HD 8350) that exhibits showstoppingly terrible performance (8 FPS on simple WebGL benchmarks) with the open source Radeon drivers. It's easy to find GPUs compatible with Linux nowadays (which this one is) but in practice it's still unusable without the binary blob.  I know that Phoronix is considered the authoritative source on that topic but they mostly test high-end GPUs for which they consistently find abysmal performance under Linux compared to the proprietary drivers. I just need a card that will make my desktop and browsing feel like it's 2015 and not 1992.
This is for a desktop, do not plan any overclocking. Usage is primarily media consumption, photo/video editing, casual gaming. Operating system Windows 10 x64 Professional. Price range looking up to $200 USD. (Consider more for  reliability benefit)  Planned components include:   Intel i7-6700  M.2 512GB SSD 4 SATA HDDs  nVidia GeForce GTX 950 2x8GB DDR4 RAM   Motherboard should include at least one USB3.1 Type A + Type C  Onboard Bluetooth & Wi-Fi is a plus but not a requirement.  I've been looking primarily at Gigabyte/ASUS boards (because that's what I'm familiar with) but the selection is overwhelming, and unfortunately spec sheets don't cover stability/reliability.
I need a small monitor that can display only 5 digits. The monitor needs to show number of visits to my site in real-time - every time someone visits, it needs to increase by one.  I thought to create an app, that queries the server every 10 seconds, and checks the new number of visitors.  The question: Do you know about a monitor that can be programmed from the command line?  All of what I found in Ebay & DealExtreme you need to program the LED monitor by software - you cannot add it to your program.
I have a need for a computer that I can code and test Node.js on, but is physically not capable of web browsing (an absolute requirement). It would be nice if it had internet capability (even through a gsm chip) so I can update software and test server applications.  I figured there might be some configuration where the graphics processor is not capable of powering a gui. A second thought would be a monochrome LCD with large pixels so it is not practical for web browsing.  The system should preferably be sealed and not look like a conventional laptop or tablet.  If necessary I can build it (and I know I will probably need to), it just needs to fit the requirements.  By the way, I don't care what the OS is, I just need it to run Node.js.  Edit: Just to clarify, this is for use in an environment where internet browsing devices are not allowed.
I'm playing a lot with my friends and daily we encounter something extremely hilarious. I would like to save these moments so we could watch them later.  This is what I would like to achieve:   Record HDMI stream with a 3rd party device so it doesn't lag my PC at all. Record what others say in mumble record what I say in mumble   Is there a device that can do this?
What I want is basically a USB Drive that registers itself as a storage device, and to the unsuspecting (in some cases) user, a keyboard. (I don't plan to do anything malicious, just trolling, and helping some people out who aren't that great at using computers quickly :^)  Anyway, I know there already is the USB Rubber Ducky, but I think that is too expensive. Are there any other alternatives that provide the same functionality, but cheaper?  Budget: < $42  Preferable Budget: < $20
I am interested in using a mobile phone to acquire ultrasound audio through the audio jack. Specifically, this would require a sound card and ADC which are capable of frequencies of at least 40kHz, and sample rates of around 200kHz.  These requirements obviously exceed anything that would be required for normal audio, but perhaps there are some phones that cater more toward the audiophile market? Any tips would be appreciated.
What routers support per-device Internet bandwidth usage monitoring out of the box? (I'd prefer not to go down the route of hacking in an aftermarket firmware if I don't have to; [1],[2])   We have a monthly quota that we're constantly in danger of exceeding, and it's very expensive when to go over quota.  There are 4 people in the house and three times as many devices, plus guests and their devices. We need to know which people and which devices are causing the most consumption, so we can then determine what to do about it. (Exile offending devices or the offending behaviour-on-device, and/or more equitably split the cost.) Router should be both LAN (4 ports sufficient) and WiFi. The monitoring feature needs to distinguish local traffic from external (internet) traffic. (I'm curious about local traffic stats, but don't need to monitor it. It's the external traffic that costs.) The existing router this will replace typically has 3 wired clients and up to 9 wifi clients. The devices run everything from Windows to Linux to iOS to Android to I-don't-know (DS,wii).   A router feature I would like  The Asus AC3200 appears to have a very nice Traffic Analyzer Statistics page that shows exactly how many mega/gigabytes each device has used. However, in my experience the RT-N56U reported stats don't match ISP stats.  This makes me leary, and the $300 USD MSRP is not attractive for our small household.
I'm building a new PC but I'm stuck at one thing.   What CPU should I choose if what I do mostly is programming & gaming?  I saw opinions here and there saying Intel's CPUs would be good, others saying AMDs, but none seemed to give me a clear answer.  The 2 options I would have are Intel Skylake, Core i5 6400 2.70GHz & AMD Vishera, FX-8350 4.0GHz.  I'm open to any other recommendations, preferably good price/value ratio.
I am looking for some sturdy (they will be travelling quite a lot) noise cancelling or, at this price, more likely noise isolating in-ear earphones. I will mostly be listening to classical music and voices, so bass is not as important to me as it may be to others.  My research so far has brought me across the Sennheiser CX 175 however; I have read a somewhat worrying number of reviews that mention less than perfect build quality.  I am wanting to spend somewhere less than £50 ($75) and I would rather spend less for best quality per money than max out my budget.
My 5th pair of Apple Earbuds broke about a week ago and I'm done. (RIP 2012-2015). I'm looking for a good pair of headphones that will last me long. I'm not going to buy another pair of Earbuds, because I DID, and those were an even bigger pain in the butt.  MUST-HAVES: 1. PC and iPod4 I will be using both devices frequently and a pair of headphones without this support will not be considered. 2. Microphone. I am sick of using my iPod4 for skype calls and will need a microphone so I can get better call quality. Please, don't make a recommendation with a separate mike. 3. Wired. If it is not possible for the mobile devices to support one cable, then split microphone and audio are fine. 4. Warranty. This must come with AT LEAST a 30-day warranty. 1 YR would be ideal, but it think it may be far-fetched. 5. Color. Must be black with blue or black with red. I will allow black-with-X combos. 6. Under $45. The black Friday sales are coming soon so I expect these not to be that costly. The lower the better. If the headset only has the MUST-HAVES, then it should be under $35. However, don't cheap out; try to find a good model with ALL or most of the optional (but wanted) features.   ADDITONALLY:     LED LIGHTS. They don't have to be customizable, but that would be great.   CONTROLLER. A controller on the wire would be great fully appreciated. Should have mute mike,mute audio, and louder and lower. Mute mick is optional, rest must be if there is a controller.
For the build    MSI Z170A GAMING PRO (Z170 3xPCI-E DDR4) Intel i5-6500 3.20GHz 6MB BOX A-DATA 240GB 2,5'' SATA SSD Premier SP550 Monitor: Eizo FlexScan S1901 (1280 x 1024) GeForce GTX960 4096MB 128bit OC (Armor 2X)   What memory would you buy, and why?   Specific problems I consider:   Currently sold processors support up to 2133 MT/s (or did I miss some model?), but (I guess) the faster dices work as well (with reduced speed), so maybe ex. 2400 if it has better CAS latency and not much of a price difference? If I choose Kingston, should I go with furry or savage? I read, that savage is more overclocking friendly, but do not know what it means specifically. I see the "PC4-17000" or "PC3-17000" often on dices sold, but on wikipedia, the PC3-17000 is under DDR3 section?  What should be the upgrade scheme? Incremental (one 8GB dice per year, for most dice 'recycling') or batch (2*4GB, than 4*4GB, than 4*8 GB to gain maximum of dual channel)?   [EDIT]  My use scenarios are: programming in couple of IDE opened simultanously (60% time), 100+ Mb data analysis (10%) and games like Fallout 4 (30%).
I am looking for an external harddisk for backup my MacBook Pro (with Time Machine) and I saw there are already "packed" configurations (combos) like theses:   LaCie Rugged Thunderbolt Transcend StoreJet 300 portable storage for Mac Buffalo MiniStation™ Thunderbolt WD PassPort Pro   They all seems to be in Thunderbolt Version 1, and I found nothing that was Thunderbolt Version 2.  Because with these combos I cannot really choose the hard drive inside (I tend to prefer the 7200 rpm) and all the above seems to be in 5400 (or unspecified) I am also interested for a hard drive case which has the same features (SATA 3Gb) and Thunderbolt V2.  Where I live (Switzerland) I found only this reference Delock 42490 but it seems to be in Thunderbolt V1 only.  The question I am asking : is there any hard drive case (or combos) with Thunderbolt V2 interface?  Optionally can you recommends some alternatives by answering these questions:   Is USB 3.0 or Thunderbolt V1 performance enough for backing up 500GB with Time Machine? Is a  5400 rpm hard drive fast enough (if I do not want to let my computer making the backup for the whole night)
I am looking for a device that would allow me to connect one laptop to two Ethernet cables. Each Ethernet cable has a distinct public IP and 100 Mbits symmetrical bandwidth. The goal of this link aggregation is to increase download/upload speed. The laptop has only one Ethernet port. I am not sure what the best solution is between adding another Ethernet port (e.g. with an Ethernet <-> USB adapter) and trying to configure the operating system to use both Ethernet cables simultaneously (Windows 7 SP1 x64 Ultimate and Kubuntu 14.04 LTS x64), or having an external device that takes care of link aggregation.
When running Euro Truck Simulator 2 on medium graphics settings my CPU was at about 20%, my RAM was at about 60% and my GPU was at 100%.  I would like to achieve 30 FPS on high on games like Kerbal Space Program, Euro Truck Simulator 2, Spintires and Cities: Skylines.  Currently I achieve between 15 and 20 FPS in Euro Truck Simulator 2 on medium graphics with shadows turned off.   Spintires is about the same as ETS2 on similar settings.  I also got between 9 and 11 FPS on the Racecraft Techdemo on 40% graphics.  All of my drivers are up up date, however my PC is full of dust and I have just ordered some compressed air to clean it.  My specs are:   Operating System Windows 10 Pro 64-bit CPU Intel Core i5 2320 @ 3.00GHz Sandy Bridge 32nm Technology RAM 4.00GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 665MHz (9-9-9-24) Motherboard Dell Inc. 0GDG8Y (CPU 1) Graphics Acer S191HQL (1366x768@60Hz) 1024MB ATI AMD Radeon HD 6450 (Unknown)  Storage 465GB Western Digital WDC WD5000AAKX-753CA1 ATA Device (SATA) 465GB Samsung M3 Portable USB Device (USB (SATA))    Optical Drives HL-DT-ST DVD+-RW GH70N ATA Device Audio AMD High Definition Audio Device   I benchmarked my PC with NovaBench and these were the results:  4079 MB System RAM (Score: 149)   RAM Speed: 11018 MB/s   CPU Tests (Score: 436)   Floating Point Operations/Second: 102394996 Integer Operations/Second: 373006004 MD5 Hashes Generated/Second: 1045838   Graphics Tests (Score: 63)   3D Frames Per Second: 204   Hardware Tests (Score: 30)   Primary Partition Capacity: 450 GB Drive Write Speed: 68 MB/s   What GPU should I buy that's compatible with these specifications, that will allow me to run said games?  I am on a quite a tight budget and can only spend around £100 ($150 USD)
We are putting together an e-sports team at college and among the games we play. There's Project M on the Wii and Melee on the GameCube, so we need a CVBS/RCA video capture card to record and upload our gameplay.  So far we have tried with an Encore and a GreenLeaf video capture card without any success. We were unable to find any decent USB/PCI/PCIe capture cards that support this kind of input. What is a good hardware choice for this? It must be compatible with Linux.
I'm looking for a laptop for light school work (light web browsing up to 20 tabs, word processing, rare photoshop, etc)  It should have   At least 8 GB of RAM, upgradable if possible At least 1 TB of storage, 64 GB if SSD (edit: 128 GB SSD is preferable to either) At least 6 hours of battery life while web browsing (edit: brightness should be visible outside without direct sunlight), with 8 hours being preferable 802.11n WiFi, either 2.4 GHz or both 2.4 and 5 GHz   Nice to haves are   Dual storage (SSD + HDD) Preinstalled OS (Windows or Linux) with no Secure Boot An ODD Ethernet port GT3 graphics (Intel Iris/Intel Iris Pro) Screen >15" and full HD (1080p) resolution Should be portable   The newer the CPU is, the better. If it is not possible to find such a laptop within the budget I am willing to extend it up to 1400 AUD.
Background: I am looking to upgrade our home's laptop and would like the next one to have an SSD. Due to the prices of SSDs, I don't expect to store all of our pictures and movies on the internal drive, so ...  Main mission:  I am looking for network-accessible storage to be used as the primary home for our family's electronic pictures and music. I am also going to be getting an external (USB) drive to create backup copies of these files, so this NAS device does not need redundancy (either locally with RAID or via the Cloud). Our current combined file usage is ~245 Gb, but I would like to plan on a few years of growth. I don't need the cheapest solution, but I'm not looking to spend more than I need to (see: new laptop and external drive). Current WiFi is 802.11n but expect to move to 802.11ac.  Requirements:   visible on the network (it can plug in to the WiFi router to become present on the network; it does not need to provide its own WiFi) -- provides a mappable share for Windows at least 500 Gb capacity (provided by the supporting hard drives, obviously)   Nice-to-haves:   supports (or comes with) SSDs -- to help with power consumption and wear low-power (as I envision this thing being on 24x7) simple to manage (I work with computers enough already during the day) reliable (who doesn't want it to be?) expandable capacity (e.g. two bays, with only one populated initially) - to allow for easy online growth not be a bottleneck (given that we're transferring over WiFi, I don't expect this to be an issue)   No-need-fors:   printer sharing streaming 3rd-party copying/backup software (I have my own solution based on rsync) virtualization support   Solutions that I am aware of:   RPi + FreeNAS: I'm more capable than willing to DIY this project; the cost savings aren't enough for me at this point. This idea wins "points" on being naturally lower in power consumption, though. Synology Drobo Netgear Intel NUC   I found a related question --  What options are available for cheap NAS devices that allows to put two hard drives in RAID 1? -- and have slightly different requirements:   I don't need encryption (storing pictures and music) I don't need RAID-1 (though not opposed to the feature) it doesn't need to be the cheapest option I have no need for cloud-based installation   The common elements to the previous question are only: reliability and energy-efficiency. JohnB's excellent answer to that question is a QNAP TS-231. From what I see, it would meet my main requirements, but I'm curious if there are any other good solutions for my set of requirements.
I was able to revive an old 1998 computer by putting FreeBSD on it. It runs ok, but sometimes it is slow. I was wondering, what is the fastest processor from 1998? I know they are cartridges, not like the regular processors that we have today. Is there some sort of device, like an adapter, that will allow me to plug a modern processor into a 1998 computer? If a device doesn't exist, what is the fastest processor from back then? Right now I have the Pentium 2. I'm not really sure if there is a Pentium 3 or 4. Any suggestions would be a great help.
This is my first question in this website. I have a Lenovo PC with integrated smart card reader keyboard (single USB cable), and a MacBook Pro. I would like to switch between the two via an HDMI KVM and this USB keyboard. The mouse is also USB.  Any recommendations?  Thank you!
I have a LCD panel with an uncommon resolution of 1920x720 (8:3 aspect). Now, I need a LVDS controller board to use it with a HDMI connection.  Model Number: S123WU01  Basic specs  Datasheet  What LVDS controller is recommended?
I'm planning to build PC from following parts:     Processor: Intel i5-6500       Cooling: Corsair Hydro Series H55       Graphics: Gigabyte GeForce GTX970 Gaming G1       HDD: WD 1TB 64MB BLUE       RAM: Crucial 8192MB 1600MHz CL11       Motherboard: ASUS H170-PLUS D3      Case: Fractal Design Define R5 Black Pearl   Now this almost exhausted by budget. I am looking for a durable power supply for this PC, that wouldn't make me go bankrupt. Bonus points if you can find it on this site(in polish)
I bought Assassin's Creed: Syndicate last night and found that my graphics card was really struggling with it. The card itself is at least 2 years old (I bought it with my first paycheck in 2013) and was second hand/refurbished even then. It's had a good life, but I'm ready to give it a viking funeral.  My current hardware specs are as follows:   Intel i5-i3570 3.4ghz (can be overclocked to 4ghz) 24GB DDR3 RAM @ 1333mhz (don't ask) 2TB Seagate Internal HDD (Not sure if that is entirely relevant - disk speeds aren't as fast as my SSD but I don't want to put something as beefy as AC on an SSD) Gigabyte GA-Z77-D3H motherboard (http://www.gigabyte.com/products/product-page.aspx?pid=4140#ov) Can't remember exact model of the PSU but I believe it is 700W.. it is, at lowest, 500W.   And, of course, the nvidia 650 Ti with 2GB graphics memory.  I'd ideally like to play at a steady 40+fps @ 1920x1080 on at least medium settings - right now the game is pretty choppy in terms of FPS especially in some scenes.  I understand, of course, that the AC games are known for their.. lack of optimisation :(  I'd be willing to stretch to about £250, which is just under the cost of this card but anything more would be pushing it.  Ebuyer links would be preferred as they do next day delivery ;-)
I currently have a 24" BenQ XL2430T 144hz monitor. I am looking for a secondary 1080p monitor that will be used primarily for watching videos and other non-gaming related tasks. I will be doing all my gaming on my main monitor so a fast response rate is not neccessary.  I would however, like something bright and colourful with an IPS panel with preferably a black bezel and stand. 16:9 ratio is a must for me and the mointor must have a DVI or HDMI connection (preferably both!). I always use my headphones so built-in speakers is not needed.  So far I have been looking at LG 24MB35PH and the Acer G246-LBBID. If the recommendation was good enough I would not mind going slightly over the £150 budget. Thanks
Shot in the dark here but is anyone aware of any laptops or tablets which have a pure LCD (Old LCD screen without the LED backlight).  Now let me explain why...  I have a brother who suffers from a rare eye condition which is worsened by LED screens. (uveitis)  So essentially we are hunting for a device which he is still able to use as he is unaffected by LCD screen technology.  As you can imagine with everything going LED this leaves him with very little options.  Essentially we cannot afford to be fussy but it would be great if the device is at least a high spec i5.
I am looking to develop a 10Gbps ethernet system on a Kintex-7 FPGA. I want the FPGA to communicate with a PC for monitoring the data, configuration, etc., at 10Gbps.  I am using a PC with Intel i7, 2 Avago GTX transceivers and a KC705 evaluation board from Xilinx. There is an opportunity to install the eval board directly onto the PC. But I do not want that. I want to connect it via an Optical Fiber.  Since I am new to this field, I need some recommendations for a Network Card with Fiber Optic Channel (SFP+) for my PC(or a PC with this NIC).
Not entirely relevant to the question but it is the problem I have encountered.  I have a notebook plugged to a monitor and I need to use a USB mouse, a USB keyboard, a USB wireless adapter (TP-LINK TL-WN722N) and a USB mini-table with coolers (my note's internal cooler isn't enough, it overheats). The notebook has only three USB ports so I bought a cheap USB hub with no visible brand.  At first, I had the keyboard and table plugged in but sadly it doesn't work well with my keyboard, keystrokes are delayed and sometimes the input is stuck and a single key gets repeated for a couple of seconds; so I've switched the mouse with the keyboard and although it works fine sometimes, every now and then the mouse doesn't respond or respond slowly with a big delay and after a couple of hours it stops working altogether. On Windows it keeps beeping that plug sound and on Linux nothing happens, on both the behavior is the same in other ports.  So my requirements are:   At least four ports Works on Windows and Linux (even if it doesn't install the driver itself) Stable - doesn't stop working out of nowhere and/or can be reset and work again without shutting down or restarting the OS Recognizes printers and other devices that need drivers Needs to be powered, rather than drawing its power from the USB cable [optional] Able to transfer from/to multiple devices to/from computer [optional] Two USB 3.0 ports (or more) [optional] Able to transfer between devices plugged directly
I have a Windows Vista Home Premium PC. It needs 2 new RAM chips, but I do not know what I should get. Does anyone know what is under $100 and is really good?  More PC info  Windows Vista Home Premium, Compaq Presario SR5710F, Service Pack 2, 3 GB memory, 250 GB Hard Drive, AMD Anthlon X2 4450e Dual-Core processor,  I do a lot of gaming on this PC, but I really want less expensive, good card(s). I do know it wasn't originally built for gaming, but I can't even use it until the RAM/memory cards are replaced
Right now I have an AMD FX-6350 but I'm a dumbass and slightly caught my motherboard on fire. It's gotten slowly worse over the last two years, and now I can barely play any games less than 10 years old without constant crashes. Even Netflix crashes every episode or two. Onboard LAN is dead, some USB ports don't work, and the Firewire header port is fried (the original source of the issues).  I really need my computer for next semester since I'll be doing a lot of programming and don't want to lose data constantly. I'd also like to do some gaming on the weekends when I have some free time (I can't even play WoW on low settings for more than 10-20 minutes right now).  When I (hopefully) get a nice job in the spring after I get my degree, I'll be able to upgrade, and it would be nice to consider that in the recommendation.  I don't care about overclocking and haven't run SLI since the Voodoo 2 cards I had in '99-ish. I currently have 4 HDDs (1 + 3 raided) and will probably get a BluRay drive at some point as well. I have an ATI R7-260X GPU which does well enough on everything I'm playing right now, but it will get upgraded next year.  So the options I'm looking at right now.   Buy a new AMD motherboard.  The problem here is two years of running on a bad motherboard may have damaged the processor, in which case I'd have to buy another processor. The good side is if the processor is fine, a single motherboard is cheaper than a new motherboard and processor.  Will any MB I buy for the 6350 work for a newer CPU later, like an 8350 or the 9000+ CPUs? Or will I need to buy a special MB now that's likely a lot more expensive?  I can pick up an ASUS M5A78L-M/USB3 for $50, down to $30 with a mail-in rebate. It's nothing super-fancy, but should get me through. For a little more money I can get some features like a second PCIE x16 slot, but I don't think it's worth it. Buy a new Intel CPU+MB.  This is obviously more expensive if my current processor is fine. But I'm guaranteed a good combo. Also, my understanding is that Intel is generally better for gaming, but I'm getting conflicting reports here. My 6-core should hypothetically work better than a 2-core Intel, but some reports show the I3 dominating the FX-8300 in some places.  In the spring, I'll be able to upgrade to an I5 or something. I'm guessing this upgrade path will ultimately be better than a new AMD MB now and upgrading everything later, but I'm not sure.  Looking on Newegg right now, there seem to be two choices for processor, the I3-4170 and the G3460 (lower isn't fast enough, higher gets expensive quickly). The I3-4170 is technically better, but costs $105, while the G3460 only costs $70. I can't find any direct comparison testing, but CPU-Boss and similar sites show it being competitive with the I3. About the same (maybe a bit better) for single-core, and 5-20% worse for multicore. Both processors are supposedly a bit worse than my 6350 for gaming, although 6 months ago the I3 was supposed to spank my 6350. Yay for benchmark testing.  I was able to find a GIGABYTE GA-Z87-DS3H LGA for $45 refurbished with a 1-year warranty. My understanding is the Z87 is as good as the Z97 except for eSATA and M.2 and I don't use either of those.   $30 vs $135 seems like a no-brainer. But I'm really not sure my processor isn't part of the crashing, and I'm not convinced an AMD upgrade path is best. Thoughts?
Currently I plan buying the components below:   MSI Z170A GAMING PRO (Z170 3xPCI-E DDR4) Intel i5-6500 3.20GHz 6MB with 212 EVO A-DATA 240GB 2,5'' SATA SSD Premier SP550 GeForce GTX960 4096MB 128bit OC (Armor 2X) Fractal Design Define S case 4 SHIRU 140mm (8.9 db) fans   I calculated that a 430W - 500W PSU is optimal. What PSU would you recommend? I'm specifically interested in low noise.  Budget: 100$
Bought a GTX 970 yesterday - just arrived, turns out I don't have the connectors required. Tried to bodge it with a 4-pin molex to 8-pin connector, that doesn't fit either.  Any ideas on a cheap-ish (max £60) power supply that could power this GTX? I have no idea about these connectors. I've found this one but I'm not sure it has the connectors I need - all I know is that I need at least one 8-pin and one 6-pin (not sure of the differently terminologies here).
I am seeking recommendations for a portable rechargeable battery pack.  Requirements   Reliable Can safely power tablets and phones (only need 2.1A at once) Can reliably jumpstart a large vehicle engine (4.0L)   Preferences   As low of a price as possible As small as possible   Bonus   Has a carrying case (but not willing to pay extra for one)   Note: Costco currently sells such a device for $59.99, but I have been unable to find any reviews of it, nor do I know anyone who has tried one.
I'm looking for a Cherry MX Blue keyboard with RGB backlighting. I'm using a Razer BlackWidow 2013 first revision, and I love the switches on it. I have tried MX Brown switches, but I'm not happy with the click.  It's not for the near future, so if you know keyboards that are going to launch with it be sure to add it. I have an UNLIMITED budget for this keyboard.  It's going to be used for games, but mostly for the typing of stuff. I'm a heavy typer so I would like to get one where the legs don't pop off.
I want to order a 64GB microSD card.  I'm looking at the Samsung cards, because according to some reviews, they may offer slightly better performance than some other brands, like SanDisk.  The MB-MP64DA/AM has over 14,000 reviews on Amazon, most of which are positive.  On Samsung's own website, the reviews are rather dismal.  On the other hand, the MB-MC64DA/AM currently has only two useful Amazon reviews, one negative and one positive.  The negative review claims that the write speed is horrible, and I don't know if that was just a measurement error.  On Samsung's own website, there are currently no reviews.  If I'm reading the specs correctly, the MB-MC64DA/AM should be the better card for high speed use.  It is classified as EVO+ instead of just EVO, but the specs on Samsung's website are very unclear.  For the MB-MC64DA/AM, Samsung claims "up to 80MB/s read" and "up to 20MB/s write", whereas for the MB-MP64DA/AM, Samsung claims "up to 48MB/s" (they don't break down read and write speeds for that card, making a comparison problematic).  Despite the fact that very few people seem to be buying it, would you recommend the MB-MC64DA/AM over the MB-MP64DA/AM?
I'm building a system to play the latest games at max settings at 1920x1080 and get as close to 30 FPS as possible within the budget.  The trouble is that the website I'm buying from is in Romanian, so using it depends on how patient you are with a few translations.  Location: Romania, Bucharest  Site of choice: dc-shop.ro ("Componente & Monitoare" from the homepage) / EDIT: Also using emag.ro (top-left "Oferta Produse" -> "PC, Periferice & Software")  ---Part requirements--------  Price limit: 1500 RON (possible 1700 if needed to meet performance requirements)  SLI/Crossfire: No  Monitors: 1 x 24" with VGA (+DVI adapter)  Connectors/length/noise: not an issue/will adapt other parts
I'm building a system to play the latest games at max settings at 1920x1080 and get as close to 30 FPS as possible within the budget.  The trouble is that the website I'm buying from is in Romanian, so using it depends on how patient you are with a few translations.  Location: Romania, Bucharest  Site of choice: dc-shop.ro ("Componente & Monitoare" from the homepage) / EDIT: Also using emag.ro (top-left "Oferta Produse" -> "PC, Periferice & Software")  ---Part requirements--------  Price limit: 800 RON  Architecture: Intel Skylake  Overclocking: No  Noise (heatsink fan): not an issue
I'm building a system to play the latest games at max settings at 1920x1080 and get as close to 30 FPS as possible within the budget.  The trouble is that the website I'm buying from is in Romanian, so using it depends on how patient you are with a few translations.  Location: Romania, Bucharest  Site of choice: dc-shop.ro ("Componente & Monitoare" from the homepage) / EDIT: Also using emag.ro (top-left "Oferta Produse" -> "PC, Periferice & Software")  ---Part requirements--------  Price limit: 800 RON  Overclocking: No  CPU Socket: 1151  GPU: 1 x PCIe x16 (ideally the board layout would not have a long card hitting/covering anything on the board)  Slots for: 1 x wireless adapter  Storage: 1 x HDD SATA 2 & 1 x SSD SATA 3 (no RAID)  Memory: 2x 4GB DDR4  USB: front 2x 3.0 / back min 2x 3.0 / back total 6x 2.0/3.0
I'm building a system to play the latest games at max settings at 1920x1080 and get as close to 30 FPS as possible within the budget.  The trouble is that the website I'm buying from is in Romanian, so using it depends on how patient you are with a few translations.  Location: Romania, Bucharest  Site of choice: dc-shop.ro ("Componente & Monitoare" from the homepage) / EDIT: Also using emag.ro (top-left "Oferta Produse" -> "PC, Periferice & Software")  ---Part requirements--------  Price limit: 700 RON  Format: ATX  Color: Black/Dark grey  Design: Simple, no LEDs, no side panels  Internal: Should fit the largest GPU (newest models) & as screwless as possible  Cooling: Air cooled, min 2 front fans & 1 back fan as large as possible
I am looking for a solution for computer workstations with fit the following points:   Workstation will start into a app hosted from citrix Workstation will not have a OS installed on it  Be able to make changes to the OS and have the changes automatically rolled out to the workstations Several USB devices supported by workstation and usable with citrix application Wake-on-Lan As little as hardware as possible (Or as cheap as possible) And of course it has to be a reliable solution that could be used in a production environment.   For example, I have looked into the raspberry pi with a sort pxe setup using u-boot. Downside is then it does not support a pxe setup out of the box, so a SD card would also be needed per device. I have not yet tested it and I am not 100% sure how stable and reliable it would be, but if one device would get wrecked, it would also be really easy and cheap to have a backup ready and simply replace it.
I'm building a system to play the latest games at max settings at 1920x1080 and get as close to 30 FPS as possible within the budget.  The trouble is that the website I'm buying from is in Romanian, so using it depends on how patient you are with a few translations.  Location: Romania, Bucharest  Site of choice: dc-shop.ro ("Componente & Monitoare" from the homepage) / EDIT: Also using emag.ro (top-left "Oferta Produse" -> "PC, Periferice & Software")  ---Part requirements--------  Price limit: 300 RON  Size: min 120 GB
I am currently under the dilemma of choosing the right PSU for this build:   CPU: Intel Skylake, Core i5 6600K 3.5GHz  RAM: HyperX Fury Black 8GB DDR4 2133MHz CL14 Dual Channel Kit  Motherboard: MSI H170A PC Mate Some SSD + HDD, not sure at the moment how much (irrelevant) Water cooling for the CPU (have not decided yet).   My budget is around $120-$130.  I must note that I will also get a GPU in the future, and I want the PSU to work with upgrades, instead of replacing it.  Also I have to ask this: What is with the bronze/gold/platinum labels on the PSUs?  Any help is greatly appreciated!
I'm looking for a laptop/tablet with the following abilities & specifications:   Ability to play lower-intensity games like Civilization V and Planetary Annihilation (confirmation from someone who has actually played those game (s) on that particular model is a bonus) Detachable (e.g. MS Surface Book) or folding keyboard (e.g. Lenovo Yoga). Full keyboard is a plus, but if someone makes a convincing case for one with a keyboard like the Surface Pro, I'd consider it Minimum of 11" screen (12"+ preferred), minimum of Full HD, prefer 1440p-ish Good battery life (5+ hours minimum) Microsoft Windows OS (full edition, not Windows 8 RT) Full size Solid state drive, minimum capacity of 128GB, prefer 256+ Cost of $600-800 preferred, max of $1000   Not looking for a high-end 'gaming' tablet, just one that will play videos and lower intensity games reasonably well with a nice screen and good battery life. DisplayPort output is a plus but not required. Not particular to any hardware manufacturer, but it cannot be Android-based or an Apple.
I am looking for a portable digital camera with the following specific requirements.  Requirements   Must easily fit in a pants pocket.  The smaller the better.  Maximum size: 4.5" x 3" x 1.5" (smaller than that is better). Must have image quality and sharpness that is noticeably superior to typical point-and-shoot cameras.  I'm intentionally not stating it has to be a 1" or larger sensor because I am open to all options. I want to get DSLR quality images out of a small camera (I'm interested in the result, not bragging about sensor size.) Under $500 USD (on sale price is fine)   Preferences (none required)   A nice zoom range.  I'm flexible on this, but more range (starting at a nice wide angle) is better. Optical view finder Manual exposure settings (in addition to automatic) Manual focus (in addition to automatic) Water resistance or even waterproof Good battery life (at least 250 photos per charge) WiFi   Not needed (okay if it has these features, but not needed)   GPS Image editing within the camera
I'm currently running an HP Pavilion m9047c, except that I've replaced the video card with a Diamond Radeon HD 4870, and upgraded the power supply to (I believe) 650 watts. I never added any RAM over the 3GB it came with, due to the 4GB limitation of the 32-bit OS. This video card has provided solid performance so far, but newer games are starting to demand much more than it can deliver. Add to that the fact that support for Vista has ended (now I can't even get updates for Chrome anymore), and I know it's time for some upgrades.  I want to build a new desktop system, mostly for gaming (including modding and emulation), with a fair amount of general Internet use as well - shopping, YouTube, maybe the occasional video chat, etc. I don't anticipate doing any video/sound editing, but might retouch photos now and then. I may also want to delve into some minor programming and/or web development.  I don't have a specific overall budget set, but my plan is to start with a base system - the lowest price possible without being inferior to my current machine - then making subsequent upgrades to improve performance (in particular, the CPU and GPU will both be upgraded as soon as funds allow).  For the motherboard, however, I would like to get something that I can run with for not just those imminent upgrades, but for several years to come.  Requirements:   Able to support all hardware listed in the "Recommended" system requirements for Fallout 4:   Intel Core i7 4790 3.6 GHz, or better (doesn't necessarily have to be the LGA1150 socket, if it can socket a better Intel CPU. I've been out of the marketplace for so long, I don't know how to compare two CPUs unless they're identical except for clock speed, or same architecture + more cores = better. That, and Intel is better than not-Intel. :-) 8 GB RAM (or more, as much as possible up to the point at which this begins to significantly impact price). High speed for RAM is also important. NVIDIA GTX 780 3GB (honestly, I'd like for it to support a GPU that I spend $400-500 on, 2-3 years from now, as well)   Note that I will not be starting off with that CPU & GPU; they're my short-term upgrade goals. Nothing about the motherboard makes it inferior to the IPIBL-LA board in my old Pavilion. In particular, the Pavilion has 6 SATA connectors, 6 USB ports, 100Mb/s Ethernet, a headphone/mic jack, and an SD-Card slot. But I don't care about the PS/2 mouse & keyboard ports, surround audio, 1394, or SPDIF jacks.   Optional:   Supports SLI Gigabit Ethernet More USB ports Whatever other bells & whistles the kids are putting on their motherboards these days Cool-looking - I may get a windowed case   Not Required:   Integrated video (except if a board with integrated video that moderately outperforms the Radeon HD 4870, costs less than the sum of a comparable GPU and a similar board with basic/no integrated video - but this seems unlikely) Wi-Fi Bluetooth Small Form Factor. I am planning to get a nice, roomy case so I can add expansion cards, more drives, etc., so I'm fine with a full ATX board.   $50-150 seems like a reasonable range for the motherboard.
I have a question about a motherboard and RAM compatibility.  MSI X99A XPOWER AC LGA 2011-v3 Intel X99 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.1 USB 3.0 Extended ATX Intel Motherboard   and  CORSAIR Dominator Platinum 128GB (8 x 16GB) 288-Pin DDR4 SDRAM DDR4 2800 (PC4 22400) Desktop Memory Model CMD128GX4M8B2800C14  I couldn't find this RAM in the supported list on MSI's website. I have a feeling that the page is not updated as it doesn't even list any 16 GB modules. Similarly, Corsair's website lists only two motherboards as supported, ASUS X99 Deluxe and Rampage V Extreme. pcpartpicker.com does not list this RAM when this board and Intel i7-5960 Haswell-E are selected.  I wanted to double check before investing almost $1,700 on these two components.
I am looking for headphones with a detachable cable, so that I can replace the cable when it breaks and get a longer / shorter cable.  I had the Sennheiser HD 201 (about 22 Euro) before and was quite happy with them, except that the cable now broke.  I had the Bose QuietComfort 25 (about 250 Euro) and was not happy with them. I wanted them because of the noise canceling, but it turned out that the pressure on my ears / the noise of the speakers when it is very silent in my room were not worth that much money for me.  I use the headphones when I am watching movies or when I lie in bed and listen to audio books / music. They should be really comfortable.  The audio quality of the HD 201 was ok for me, I guess. They are already quite comfortable to wear, but the Bose Quiet Comfort 25 were a bit better.  An option to use them wireless with my computer would be nice.
I am planning to improve my current PC. I am already going to buy a new RAM stick, to get 8GB of RAM, and I am going to add a SSD (probably a 120gb drive). Beyond those, I have about £300 to make some more improvements. My current PC specs:  http://uk.pcpartpicker.com/p/yh7899     CPU: Intel Core i5-4440 3.1GHz Quad-Core Processor      Motherboard: MSI Z87-G41 PC Mate ATX LGA1150 Motherboard       Memory: Kingston Blu 4GB (1 x 4GB) DDR3-1600 Memory       Storage: Western Digital Caviar Blue 1TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard   Drive      Video Card: Sapphire Radeon HD 7870 GHz Edition 2GB Video Card       Case: NZXT H230 (White) ATX Mid Tower Case      Power Supply: Corsair CX 600W 80+ Bronze Certified Semi-Modular ATX   Power Supply   I would like to swap the 7870 for a R9 390. My goal is to able to play pretty much any 2014 game on Ultra (I am mainly interested in Starcraft 2, Dota 2, and Dark Souls 2) or at the very least on Very High at 1080p. My only issue is my PSU: would the CX600 be enough to power this rig if I used a R9 390?
I've recently acquired a GA-M68MT-S2 motherboard, which was lying unused with a friend. Just as a project, I want try and build the most powerful system possible using this as a base. This is only a hobby project, so suggestions to upgrade the board and overall system isn't what I'm looking for. I'll probably just experiment to see what games I can run at max or high settings. I'll be using Windows.  What I'd like to know is: What's the highest CPU and GPU this can take? I believe the Phenom II x6 (Socket AM3) is supported. What GPU will not be bottle necked by this relatively old base config? Since the on-board GPU is an NVIDIA® GeForce 7025/nForce 630a chipset, can I go for an 8- or 9- series? Is a Radeon a better choice?  I haven't been a PC gamer for over a decade, but I'm keen on getting back into it.
I have a motion-recording camera at my front door, but when the doorbell rings, the app takes so long to come up that I'm already at the door and sometimes it just gets stuck attempting to connect (it's a Logitech Alert for the record).  I'm thinking a simple digital peephole viewer will solve the problem (no wireless/internet connection required to see the picture).  I'd like one with the following characteristics:   at least 640x480 resolution turns on and shows picture in less than one second mounts on door only in a standard peephole-sized hole (no doorbell-style button required) works at least OK with backlight (I have a porch making the people poorly lit once they step up to the door) no cords to plug in (probably battery powered) Under $100 shipped (to USA)   Nice-to-haves:   motion-detection that will automatically show the picture when movement is detected in a certain area of the frame (this may be energy-prohibitive for a battery-powered device) recording (SD, Wi-Fi, or App)   All the ones I've seen so far on Amazon would replace my doorbell (I'd like to avoid that in case the batteries die), they are low resolution, they don't work with bright backgrounds, or some combination of all of those.
I'm looking for a small notebook for 9 year old to run Linux powerfully enough for programming and runing Minecraft to buy my son for this Christmas. I'm based in the UK.   Small enough to suit a 10 year old, a 13" screen would be fine Not too heavy, he will only be using it at home but I want it to be easy for him to move around the house. He wants to learn basic programming He also wants to play Minecraft For these reasons, and because it requires less resources then Windows, I want to install Linux, preferably Ubuntu.  Would better if it came installed with Linux, not Windows. It doesn't need to be super powerful, but at the same time it should be powerful enough to do the tasks mentioned above. A matte screen would be a bonus An SSD would be a bonus   To be clear, I do want a proper computer with a hard drive, not a Chromebook  Ive had a look at Acer, Asus and Lenovo - I think there might be a solution there, but I'm struggling to understand the range, nor can I see anything without Windows installed.  I'm looking to spend about £300.
I remember having a keyboard, a few years back, where the keycaps on the columns of letters were alternately concave/convex, i.e. QAZ concave, WSX convex, EDC concave etc. (or the opposite). I have found entirely convex keyboards, but I cannot find this particular kind. Any suggestions?
In this question I received the response to which graphics model should I go with. Now, as I started calculating using this decibel calculator, the fact that I am trying to buy quiet 8.9 dB fans (total = 20.9 dB) will be negligable if a graphics card will generate 36 dB (which is what I found here) - than the total noise will be 37.081 dB. However, on Tomshardware I found this to be more nuanced, but also incomplete (no MSI card).  What graphics card manufacturer would you recommend for GTX960 noise-wise, provided the price differences are negligible? Or maybe there are other considerations under 250$ for gaming setup (i5-6500, 8GB ram, 240GB SDD, 4 140mm fans, MSI170 pro gaming mobo, 1280 x 1024 res) that are significantly quieter?  [EDIT] I am aware of 'silent mode', where fans turn off on idle, which is apparently implemented by all manufacturers in GTX 960 (source). The question is about the fan noise under load.
The latest Apple notebooks do not have any built-in DVD drive, and Apple only sells a DVD drive.   Is there any external drive which is similar to the external SuperDrive for the MacBook Pro, but is able to read (and possibly write too) Blu-ray discs?  I found several Blu-ray drives, but they do not look so "portable" as you need a separate power adapter.  I am wondering if it would be possible to have a drive like the Apple External SuperDrive DVD which is powered just by a USB cable.  UPDATE: I found few drives in USB 2.0 (like the answerers), but I would prefer to have USB3 or Thunderbolt interface. I am surprised there is not such devices with a faster interface than USB 2.0. I found only the Asus BW-16D1H-U PRO but it needs an external power adapter (and 1kg could not be considered so portable).
I naively originally thought the title's request would be too vague, considering the hundreds of different Android smart phones out there, but I'm having trouble finding one that comes rooted.  In case there are many phones to choose from, I'd go with a minimum of:   1GB of RAM 16GB of flash storage a uSD slot GPS and WiFi.    I don't actually need/care about the cell-phone part itself, nor the cameras.
Is it possible to know when someone open a computer case (hp server 1u), let's say in data center?   Inside server is usb port which can be used as some kind of switch. That usb device would write to the syslog and automatically shutdown the server.  How can this be implemented easily? Any ideas?
I want a keyboard to use with my gaming/htpc.    I will use it from the sofa so a wireless, mini keyboard would be best. I feel game controller sticks a comfortable device, therefore I want a trackball (that I think feel closer to a stick) in the keyboard, rather than a trackpad. I will not use the trackball for gaming, I play games with a controller. Finally it would be great if the keyboard came with a kind of charging dock (so that I can just grab it and use it), but this last requirement is not a priority.    Can you think of any models that fit those conditions?
I'm looking for a new laptop (for a Java developer who runs multiple virtual machines and some heavyweight server applications too) with these musthaves:   Small and lightweight, 14" or smaller, no more than 2224 grams Linux support (I don't mind if it comes with Windows but every hardware component should work well under Linux too.) 32GB RAM support Can handle three external displays (Currently I have three displays, all of them has DVI input and VGA too, but I'd prefer the digital one. Using DisplayPort->DVI and/or HDMI->DVI conversion cables are also fine for me.) Faster than my current Intel Core i5-3230M CPU @ 2.60GHz Matte display   Nice to have features:   Compatible with our Dell E-Port Replicators   Budget: ~$2500
Is there a wifi product that is a simple alarm button? When pressed it would notify my PC through my local wireless network, so i can autosend and email or other message through the web.  Generally I am looking for a WIFI product (not just 'wireless', that is not part of any larger integrated 'system', that is a simple button. Essentially like a panic button. Once pressed, it would send a message through the wifi router to the local PC so software could take over to take actions.   I just can't seem to find anything that is a simple switch ... as opposed to 'system'.  Any suggestions?  The closest thing I have seen is using a standard wifi video cam (like FOSCAM) - where it sends an email (or other) when motion is detected.  This is very close, except of course I don't want a camera - just a button.
My current setup is a Virgin Media SuperHub and a CSL - 300 Mbit/s USB 2.0 WiFi Dongle. I however am getting inconsistent connectivity just 5/6 Metres (down the hall) from the hub, and when I am connected I only get ~15MB/s download speeds at the best of times, on a connection which has clocked 150Mb/s+ over a hardwire. I understand that I shouldn't expect speeds that high on 2.4GHz at a distance, but the SuperHub does provide 5GHz which is entirely unused at the moment.   This leads me to my question, what would be the best way to utilise the unused band? I have been looking into Range Extenders, such as the NETGEAR EX6150, but I also came across some articles mentioning that you can just set up a router to act as an extender. This second option looks preferable, and cheaper.   The solution I'm hoping for would allow me to connect my Desktops (2 of them) to the network via a hardwire to the second router (acting as an extender) as well as improving connectivity for my other devices (phone & laptop).  What routers are there that are capable of this? It must:   act as a wireless repeater for an existing network be under or around £60 ($85) bonus points if it can be a standalone router too have wired Ethernet (minimum x2) and wireless output capabilities be able to use the 5GHz band
I'm looking for a laptop without any mechanical moving parts (don't need CD; will use SSD), particularly without a fan because a fan is noisy or becomes noisy after a while.  Preferably 13-15'', around 8gb ram, that can run xubuntu comfortably. Touchscreen or screen flipping are unnecessary. Could also be a tablet+ keyboard, if fast enough.  Under $800.  Are there any laptops these days like that?
I'm looking for an action/sports camera (used for recording while snowboarding/biking etc).   It should record at 1080p - 60fps but 1080p - 30fps works as well. Must have underwater case Supports at least 32Gb microSD/SD card. Should have the option to also take photos   My budget would be around $150-$200.  If you have any knowledge about some, what it's good to look at, please share it.
Asus X99-A with USB3.1 Motherboard And Intel Core i7 5820K CPU Or  Asus Z170-A Motherboard And Intel Core i7 6700K CPU  The rest of the build (the same for both):  Cooler: Noctua NH-U14S.  RAM: 32GB (2x16GB) Corsair DDR4 Vengeance LPX Black, 2666MHz, CAS 16-18-18-35, 1.2V.  Storage: 250GB Samsung 850 EVO.  PSU: 650W Corsair RMx, Modular, Silent, 80PLUS Gold - Any Single Graphics Card  GPU: 4GB MSI GTX 960 GAMING 4G.  I will be using the build for mainly programming. Most important programs I will use:  Android Studio.  IDE such as Eclipse.  Which combination of motherboard + CPU will give me better performance. Will the programs I mentioned benefit significantly from the 5820K's extra cores and threads?
I'm looking for a new PC monitor that will last for a long time. Right now I have some Samsung monitor, and I'm happy with it; however, it has <2k, and it's 7 years old, so I figured it's time for upgrade.  My budget is 2000zł(~470euro|~500$)  What monitor would be nice in this budget, 2k or more, for gaming and watching movies?
I need a 30 meters long HDMI cable. I've found solid cables that achieve this measure, and also found RJ45 adapters to extend short cables:   &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;   Is there any disadvantage in terms of video/audio quality, in using the RJ45 extensor?  It is much cheaper, and in case it suffers any damage it would be much easier and cheap to replace it, so I have great interest in using it.
Is there a device (laptop, TV, single-board computer, smartphone) that has HDMI port that can consume video (1080p @ 30 fps) and give it to Linux running on it (that can save it to file or encode it with FFmpeg or whatever)?  HDCP is optional. Usable hardware video encoder is nice.
I currently have a MSI R9 380 GAMING 4Gb card, and was wondering how it would compare to my current card? (E.G. performance to dollar wise)   And if not what would be a viable alternative for around 300 dollars?  Current PC: - GIGABYTE LGA 1150 INTEL B85 SATA3 MATX MOBO - Intel i7-4770k - 32 gb DDR3 ram - Msi R9 380 4gb - 750w corsair CX750 - Intel 750 series 480 gb ssd - Fractal Design Define R4 case    EDIT: I'm asking for hardware recommendations; I've now edited this and included bolded important sections.
I am looking at a cheap-o mic and I want to know what to look for.  I am wanting to make some youtube videos but can't break the bank yet. For example, an extremely cheap mic I found (USB Studio Condenser Recording Microphone Vocal Singing Podcast Mic With Stand) for GBP 18.99 has the following specs:  Condenser Microphone   Frequency response: 30Hz-20KHz Polar Pattern: Cardioid(0°-180°@1KHz > 12db) Signal to Noise Ratio:70dB Highest Sound Pressure Level:120dB S.P.L Sensitivity: 25mV/Pa (-32dB±2dB) Microphone amplifier function 2.5m cable with 3.5mm Jack &USB connector Power supply:USB DC5V   I really have no idea what to expect.
I work for a call center where the smallest things matter for keeping a good VoIP quality.  I'm on a:   10Mbps fiber optics cable 1 Cisco 1900 Series as the main gateway (Gigabit Ethernet) 2 CRM servers (Gigabit Ethernet) 2 D-LINK DES-1016D (8x Fast Ethernet) 2 Level One FSW-2451 (24x Fast Ethernet) Around 60 PCs (Fast Ethernet) Everything is connected via Cat-5e cables.   Now should I use Gigabit switches between the router (Cisco) and the two servers as they all use GBE, and of course use Cat-6 cables that are capable of Gigabit transfers?  NB: As it's known that When a WiFi N (150Mbps) router is connected to devices with WiFi N support it will work with N but if any other device that only supports WiFi G (50Mbps) is connected, the router will communicate with all the devices using G  This also applicable to RAM: when one stick of 1600MHz and one of 1333MHz are used together the system will operate as 1333MHz which is the lowest.  Now is that applicable the Wired networks (RJ45)?
I need to purchase a new Mac to run Final Cut Pro X.   We plan to use FCPX to edit video of our weekly church service shot by 3 cameras. Sound will come directly from the sound board. I don't expect we'll use much in the way of filters/effects, etc. (This is new territory for me so I don't know for sure if that's accurate.) The final videos will be high definition. The video will be posted online and in the future we intend to stream the video live to a remote campus and are considering the possibility of using a QuickTime server.   Based on my research, I understand the importance of hardware components for this workflow to be in this order:   Video card/Amount of VRAM Storage speed Processor speed Amount of system memory   It seems obvious the "best" setup would be a Mac Pro (currently $2999+ without a display).  But with a not-for-profit budget, if I don't have to spend $4000 for a complete setup I'd rather not.  Assume an an iMac with these specs:   3.2GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 processor (Turbo Boost up to 3.6GHz) 8GB (two 4GB) memory, configurable up to 32GB 1TB Fusion Drive AMD Radeon R9 M390 with 2GB video memory   Would FCPX used as I describe above on these specs of an iMac make for a lot of waiting on the system while editing?  Should I be looking at something different in hardware?
I am a computer science student with specialization in machine learning and I need a new notebook. I work inside most of the time, but I take my notebook to presentations / collaborative development / lectures quite often.  Past Notebook  I am currently using the Acer TravelMate 5744Z. It has several pain points:   Only 4 GB RAM No SSD Weak CPU: I compile LaTeX documents VERY often. So single-threaded CPU power does matter to me. Too heavy Battery lasts for about 2h (3.7h according to the specs) 15.6" screen which I like very much   And some good points   Everything works out of the box on Linux It's VERY silent! (29,6 - 32,0 dB(A) in idle mode, according to notebookcheck) Sturdy enough to be put into my backpack without any protective case The size of the keyboard is comfortable. I don't need the numpad, though.   All in all, I was happy with that notebook. However, as the battery seems / the power supply unit seems to have problems now. Together with the other issues, I think it is time for a new notebook, as I use it many hours every single day.  Hard Requirements   Has to be available in Germany Has to work with Linux Not more than 2000 Euro At least 8 GB RAM SSD with at least 120 GB Not heavier than 2.5 kg (inclusive battery, of course!) Battery has to last for at least 5 hours under random web surfing. Resolution of at least 1366x768 Not more than 16" screen, not less than 13.3" (I'm not too sure if I will like small screens, though. And I'm not sure how I can figure that out without buying such a notebook) Connectivity   WLAN (which has to work out-of-the-box for Linux!) At least 3 USB ports  Has to be silent under normal work load (e.g. surfing random web pages)   Positive  The follwing is positive, but I don't need it   +++++   D-SUB connector (VGA connector) Good keyboard German keyboard layout SD card reader at least 256 GB of storage  +++   RJ45 slot for network DVD player Matte display NVidia GPU which can be used for machine learning Less than 2.0 kg A review by a developer who uses Linux  ++   USB 3.0 / USB 3.1  +   Aluminium case Backlit keyboard Webcam / microphone Bluetooth  Neutral / I don't care   Numpad Blue-Ray player    Additional information  I think I'm able to add RAM to the notebook by myself. I did so several times with desktop computers. However, if it doesn't make a price difference of more than 40 Euro I would prefer to let it be done by others.  Related question  My notebook (kind of) still works. I could wait for 2 more months without problems. Is there any benefit of waiting? Do prices significantly differ after Christmas? Are there new interesting notebooks being released?
I want to build a home-made multi-room home sound system.  I'm looking for a single board computer device with a minimal hardware configuration. In my thoughts, my only requirements are:   Wi-Fi connection; Audio output; Push button to config wireless network through WPS; An LED to show current network status; Optionally, an RJ45 connection for development through SSH.   Actually no video output is required, nor additional USB ports.  What could be the cheapest solution for my needs?
I'm looking for a high contrast video recorder, 1080p. I have ordered a Zoom H6, and I expect to mount it on the camera, and I'd like to be able to syncronize the video and audio.  I'd like to be able to extend its usage with a steadycam, and be able to take regular high-quality pictures with it too.  But my primary expected usage is to record video outdoors in high contrast environments, and secondarily record video of speakers in front of a bright projection screen.
I need to upgrade my Dell Inspiron 7352 laptop from its HDD to an SSD. I'm deliberating between two similar models of SSD:   Samsung EVO 840 Samsung EVO 850   Having looked at the specs for both products. They seem nearly identical in both interface, IOPS performance and sequential read and write performance.  However, at the time of writing, the EVO 840 retails at around $325 while the EVO 850 costs much less: around $150.  Which of the two models would you recommend considering the price differences? Does the costlier model have advantages that I'm missing?
My grandfather has his 95 birthday. He did use a computer in the 70s for his business but never used a PC. We want to give him a notebook with a price point between 300€ and 400€. How do I chose the right notebook for a senior?  If it's matters I'm buying the notebook from Germany.
I am looking to get some hardware that I can setup as an intercepting proxy, to analyze network traffic.  The traffic would flow between a single PC and the internet and the total amount of traffic would be quite small (less than 4GB/day).  Since this would be a proxy it does not need to have a screen or a keyboard.  Here are some features for the hardware:   Cost less than $300. Comes with software to log / trace connections (or ability to install e.g. Wireshark). Ability to export the trace files when needed. [Prefer but not a must] Able to function as a WiFi router.
I don't have a TV because I think they are ugly and require too much space. I like the idea of packing away the screen so it's not always there, in plain sight. However I still like to watch films, so I often just watch films on my laptop. I have an old projector, which I bought to watch films with. However I found the fan too loud, and I found it annoying to set up, Requiring many cables to power the projector, my laptop and the HiFi system. It takes a long time to turn on and then to turn off which was also annoying.  Recently I have come across two devices, that have the potential to solve some of these problems and are not too expensive.   The ZTE SPro2 is primarily a projector but has a battery and android built in. It has 200 lumens and a high res screen, but when on battery it will only run at 100 lumens. It is difficult to source in the UK and I would have to buy it on ebay as an import. If it does not work as I expect, it will be hassle to return. The Yoga tab 3 Pro this is primarily a tablet but has a built in projector. The projector is only 50 lumens and 480p resolution projector, but the battery life is much better. I could probably watch 2 films on one charge. The main advantage is, that it's an ok tablet as well, which I might end up using a fair bit, although it's not something I really need or want (I wouldn't just buy an ipad for example). I can source this easily through amazon uk.   So to sum up I am looking for a device for occasional film watching that is nice and clean and which can be packed away when not in use.  My living room is quite bright, so I think for both devices it would work better in the winter. Has anyone had any experience comparing the brightness of the devices in real life? What do people think?
A lot of Chinese tablets (and probably some others as well) use a barrel connector instead of microUSB to charge. They all seem to use the standard size of 2.5 mm OD (outside diameter) and 0.8 mm ID (inside diameter).  I just bought a used Chinese tablet (a Pipo P1 to be exact) whose previous owner says the battery no longer charges when plugged in. After reading this and this, and finding out how much noise is output by cheap Chinese chargers, I’m looking to buy a charger with some actual quality behind it so I don’t destroy the tablet even more (I’m somewhat confident the issue of the battery not charging anymore was caused by the power adapter it came with… in fact, I already experienced something similar myself when I used a cheap Chinese power adapter to charge a laptop for a few months).  Here are some pictures of the port on the tablet as well as the power adapter it came with showing its specs:  A cropped image showing the label on the power adapter that came with the tablet: Power Supply’s Label http://f.cl.ly/items/3o1D1U2q293Y1x3Z3f2y/power%20supply%20label.png  The contents of the label transcribed:  型：KZ0902500C  输入：100240V〜5060Hz  　　　0.5AMAX  输出：9V ⎓ 2500mA  where 型 = Model, 输入 = Input, and 输出 = Output  (The character between '9V' and '2500mA' is U+2393 DIRECT CURRENT SYMBOL FORM TWO. If you can’t see it, it means you don’t have a font installed containing a glyph for that codepoint. If that’s the case, I recommend installing a font like Everson Mono, STIXGeneral, or Symbola, which does contain a glyph for it).  An image showing the DC 9V port on the tablet: DC 9V Port on Tablet http://f.cl.ly/items/3S3H032k1A1X3Y3L1n3B/DC%209V%20port.png  And here’s an image showing the entire power adapter (might not want to click on that link though… it’s an uncropped 20 MB picture of the power adapter that came with the tablet that I only bothered uploading since you can also see the barrel connector).  At first, I thought I could just use one of the genuine Apple 12 W USB Power Adapters that I already own, by buying a 2.5 mm OD / 0.8 mm ID barrel connector to USB connector cable like this one. But then I realized there might be a few issues with going that route. The first issue would be that I would have no idea what AWG the cable would be (buyers of that product have said that the cable they received didn’t have the same AWG as the one shown in the picture). In addition to that, the specs of the Apple 12 W USB Power Adapter I have will pose a problem with using it to charge the tablet:  Input: 100-240 V〜 0.5 A  50-60 Hz  Output: 5.2 V ⎓ 2.4 A  Specifically, the output voltage of the Apple 12 W USB Power Adapter is only 5.2 V, while the voltage the tablet requires is 9 V. From what I’ve read, supplying an incorrect voltage is a very bad idea. The current supplied by the Apple adapter is also less than the current supplied by the adapter that came with the tablet (2.4 A vs. 2.5 A). Of course, the tablet might not actually draw an entire 2.5 A, but since I don’t know how much it draws for sure, it’s probably better to be safe than sorry.  This leaves me with two options:   I can buy a 2.5 mm OD / 0.8 mm ID barrel connector to USB connector cable like the one I linked to (despite not specifying the AWG of the cable, it seems like others have gotten it to charge their tablets fine, so it may be good enough), which would then make my question: are there any reputable (non-'no name' brands) that sell a USB power adapter that supplies an output voltage of 9 V (DC) and an output current of 2.5 A?   or   Buy a power adapter that already has a 2.5 mm OD / 0.8 mm ID barrel connector on the other end, which would then make my question: are there any reputable (non-'no name' brands) that sell a power adapter that has a 2.5 mm OD / 0.8 mm ID barrel connector on the other end of the cord and supplies an output voltage of 9 V (DC) and an output current of 2.5 A?   Regarding option #1, I’ve searched around quite a bit, but the closest I could find were these USB power adapters from Anker: the A2130111, A2010111, and A2132121, but they only provide an output voltage of 9 V with an output current of 2 A.  Regarding option #2, I’ve searched extensively on that front as well, but have still come up short. Places like Farnell and Digi-Key don’t seem to have anything matching those requirements. The best I was able to find was S-9V0-2A5-U30 from Condor Electronics. It seems perfect; they even let you configure the type of barrel connector for them to put on it! That’s where the issue lies though, as the closest thing they have to one with an OD of 2.5 mm and an ID of 0.8 mm are their two EIAJ-1 barrel connectors (one with OD of 2.35 and ID of 0.7 and the other with OD of 2.45±0.05 and ID of 0.7), which might be good enough size-wise, except that the rated voltage and current of an EIAJ-01 connector is too low (0–3.15 V and 2 A). Of course, that’s also ignoring that the only reason Condor Electronics even lets you customize the barrel connector on the adapter at all is because you have to buy 100 pcs. at a time…
I bought several inexpensive new 7″ and 10″ Android tablets from different manufacturers.  The screens on all of them are quite poor.  You have to look at them at just the right angle to get a reasonably good image.  Straight-on viewing is no good, nor is anything at more than a 20° angle.  I even wrote this SuperUser question asking about what has changed in LED screen manufacturing.  Can anyone recommend inexpensive 7″–11″ Android tablets that have good quality screens?  By ‘good quality screen’, I mean something that when viewed straight-on looks perfect, and is usable at a minimum of 30° in all 4 directions.  I don’t have a requirement of the screen technology (IPS, etc.).  Although more pixels is better, I prefer image quality over pixel density.  The Android version must be 4.4 ‘KitKat’ or later.  I would like as low of a price as possible, but am not going to set a price requirement because I don’t know the starting price point for a tablet with a good screen.
I would like to buy a product like Wacom's Inkling or Bamboo Spark. But I don't know if they support real-time image projection to a projector.   I only want to write on paper and at the same time project my drawing in real time to my students... Any idea on how to achieve that with above products or any other product which support this?   I am willing to invest around 300€.
I want to get up and running fast with an embedded Linux processor eval board that is cheap but capable of processing video.   edit: By processing video, I mean it should be able to take a 720p stream from a camera, insert an overlay on it for display and save the data without overlay to sd card.  I used at91sam9 before so something newer but equivalent with good video capability might be good.  Also, easy instructions to build using yocto would be helpful.  Any suggestions?
I’ve been asked to install a new monitor in an EMS (Ambulance) station. The monitor is by the garage doors, and needs to mirror another monitor connected to a computer on the other side of the garage. This is a volunteer EMS group, so the budget is limited. I’d rather not buy a new graphics card, but it’s not out of the question.  We’ve measured the cable run at roughly 55ft (17m).  The monitor we need to mirror is connected by DVI.  There’s a second monitor also connected via VGA.  The computer has no third monitor port; it has just 1 VGA port and 1 DVI-D port. It’s a cheapish old Dell. The sole use for the computer is showing currently active calls, and the people who’ve paged in to take them.  What’s the best solution to setup display mirroring on the new monitor? No kb/mouse is required at that distance. This is view only. To be clear, the monitor is already mounted. Just need to know the best way to get the signal to it, given the constraints I have.  I’ve taken a look at kits: I can get either DVI or VGA splitters, and 20M cables for both.  Are these options decent, or would I need a powered splitter? Bear in mind, that’s $10 vs $150 it seems.  Which is preferable over longer lengths? VGA or DVI?
I'm using a Gigabyte BRIX Mini PC running Linux as a viewer for a NoMachine setup with 2 monitors presently, one connected via VGA and one via HDMI.   I am planning on adding a third monitor, which is why I am looking for a small PC, similar to the BRIX, but with three (ideally 4, as a spare) VGA/HDMI ports.   Connecting a USB-VGA adapter like the products from Plugable doesn't seem feasible to me with the lack of true support of these devices under Linux.  Has anybody come across a Mini-PC with more than 2 video ports onboard?
I need an e-book reader for reading books and documents while commuting by public transport.  Required:   The installed software (OS, firmware, everything) it ships with must be free/libre. No proprietary blobs.  It must support opening EPUB and PDF files.   Preferred:   The device should be lightweight enough not to get tired holding it for 1–2 hours. It should have a long battery life (if reading 2 hours each day, it should last for more than 2 weeks). Connecting via USB to upload/download e-books. Operating systems should ideally detect it as USB mass storage device.
I am looking at the ZTE Spro 2 projector.  This is an android projector that can accept a Miracast broadcast from another device such as a mobile phone.  Are there any AV receivers/hi-fis or other device that is not a PC, that can Miracast to this projector? I am thinking I could plug things like an XBox and Sky into this device and then wirelessly cast this to the projector?  I have seen some Miracast dongles, but they seem to work in the wrong direction for what I want.
Before you ask why I would spend around $800-850 dollars on a pc, it is just for a video. I'm not actually buying the parts. (Though I wish I could build it; as I never got to before)  I'm making guides on buying PC parts; and presets on different budgets. Keep in mind that items like monitors, mice, keyboards, speakers etc. will be in a different guide/preset list; this is just the actual pc.  Case: Name : Thermaltake Versa N21 Window Mid-Tower Chassis Case CA-1D9-00M1WN-00 Cost : 59.48 Why I choose it: Has sleek black look; Window; keeps usb(s) on top (I believe) for less accidents CPU: Name: AMD FD8320FRHKBOX FX-8320 FX-Series 8-Core Black Edition Processor Cost: 140.81 Why I choose it: Has 8 cores which will be useful for the future, can be overclocked to 4.0 ghz for more work RAM: Name : Crucial Ballistix Sport 8GB Kit (4GBx2) DDR3 1600 MT/s (PC3-12800) CL9 @1.5V UDIMM 240-Pin Memory BLS2K4G3D169DS1J Cost: 37.99 Why I choose it: 8 gbs of ram for 38 is really cheap. Furthermore it is clocked at 1600 which is good for DDR3 gaming. GPU: Name: MSI Computer NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 GAMING 4G 4GB 256-Bit GDDR5 Graphics Card Cost: 349.99 Why I chose it: The GTX is a well known card, and is powerful; just what I need for intense games and shaders. PSU: Name: Thermaltake TOUGHPOWER 1200W 80 PLUS GOLD Full Modular Power Supply PS-TPD-1200MPCGUS-1 Cost: 131.92 Why I chose it: You can buy the 1k watt PSU for $30 more. Great deal. The CPU takes 125 watts; the GPU recommends 850+ PSU, and the power is great for extreme overclocking (though not something I recommend)  Hard drive and optical disk drive: HDD    ODD  What do you recommend I tweak?  REQUIRMENTS:   Stays under the 900 budget Is compatible with other parts Do not sacrifice a component for a different component (example removing odd for better hdd) Is useful for the next 3-4 years. You must explain the benefits of replacing the object. Is not from an unknown brand in the middle of nowhere Warranty for breaking the object (Let's pretend the user has no experience with computer building and is a first-timer) Is from a well known website (preferably amazon but newegg will do well too) Does not need to come with all the whistles and bells (but it can if you think they are useful) If you suggest (example) DDR4; then you also need to give a requirement for the things that use DDR4 (MB, RAM, ECT.) The case must have upgrade space (though I really like the case and don't see a better option right know)  Also, If you could come up with a name for the build then +1. No bloody names like Ripjaw but rather original like borinator (Austin Evans And Linus Tech Tips)    Example:     I recommend the  MSI SLI KRAIT  as it supports 32 gigabytes of ram. It supports windows 10 and has an install manual. It supports your CPU so you do not have to worry about that. [Add more details however]
So I'm looking for a budget laptop for programming. I will be going abroad to finish my computer engineering degree and I'll need to have a good tool to do my work.  I'd need it to be light and smaller than 15" since I'll have to carry it around in my pack. Also, the battery should last more than 3 hours. My current laptop is the Toshiba Satellite A500-1EJ, which I bought 5-6 years ago, and I'd like the new laptop to be an improvement over it. Also, I would like to avoid brands like Toshiba and HP, which I've had bad experiences with (e.g. I had to change my actual computer 4 times because of the cooling system). I want a reliable laptop that I can use for a long time. Finally, I do not need the computer to come with an OS, but it must be linux compatible since I will install linux, and I don't want to spend $80 for a Windows license which I won't use.  My budget is 500-600$.  Thanks!  Edit: I can't say which language program I use because I use more than 10, depending on the situation (c ,python, java, c++, c#, node,...). The only thing I can say is that I don't mind having the integrated graphics card if it can allow me to code other things that games (I won't code games, just basic GUIs and that's all), also I won't code anything for IOS so apple is totally discarded. I do want a ssd but this would be out of budget and I can always put one in some years. The storage doesn't really matter, I won't have any 'big' software more than Visual Studio, everything else should be under 2GB, so I think I'd do with 250-500GB. It would be nice if I could run 1-2 virtual machines at once.  http://shop.lenovo.com/us/en/laptops/ideapad/300-series/300s-14-inch/ Could someone give me an opinion about this one "Ideapad 300S-14 - 80Q4000KUS"
I'm looking for embedded linux hardware that supports USB and preferably serial though that can be accomplished with USB.  It also need to have a screen with either buttons on the side or a touch screen.  A tablet that runs linux (not android) is acceptable so long as a USB hub can be attached and it can act as a USB host and charge at the same time.  I need to run applications that are written as standard linux apps.  Right now I'm prototyping but I anticipate needing 10-100/year so a one off surplus device won't work.  The obvious answer is a raspberry pi and the newly released screen, but I'm wondering if people know of other options out there that are cheaper or smaller (the 7" screen is okay but bigger than I need).
I want to buy a monitor and I'm not sure which one I should buy. I have those two in my short list:   BenQ GL2450H Asus VS247HR   Now, both seem to be fine for my purpose, but there still is a difference in the price. Can anybody find some great differences or can advise me one of them?  I'm particularly interested in a very good view angle and a high refresh rate (max. 5ms).
I work in a co-working space and keep a small NAS, a micro-PC, a router and a few other small components running on my desk. While it's a safe space I'd like to add a bit more anti-theft security. Because they're all small components I didn't want to go through the hassle of trying to cable them all down individually (my NAS could just be unscrewed and the hard drives removed anyway), I had the idea of finding a metal enclosure I could put on the floor, shove all the devices inside and just lock the box to my desk.  I've not been able to find much like this though, closest is a server rack enclosure (http://www.amazon.ca/Tripp-Lite-SRW12US-Enclosure-Cabinet/dp/B001TGUYI2/ref=sr_1_8?ie=UTF8&qid=1450206234&sr=8-8&keywords=server+enclosure) but that seems overkill, don't need the wall mounting or the size.  Anyone aware of any other solutions for this sort of thing? Or at least a rack enclosure that's smaller than usual? As long as it's lockable, somewhat ventilated and has a a space for cables to come out, I'm good. Min volume ~30cm^3, max ~50cm^3, shape doesn't much matter, just going under the desk.  Thanks!
A few weeks ago, I asked a question for a graphics card recommendation, here    What I'm planning to buy is:   Processor: Intel i7 6700k, GPU:  2x (SLI) 980TI, Motherboard: ASUS Z170-A ATX   Now I need to choose the RAM, and I'm kinda confused. I know this motherboard supports up to 64GB RAM (4 slots). So I want to max it now to not have problems to deal in the future.  I know 64GB ram is a lot, and I'll probably not use it all, but its just for convenience.  I'm thinking about this RAM  Is this a good option? Is there any way to improve it? Will this "Temperature Sensor" cause problems?
I am looking for a hardware device which will allow a blind person to simply navigate in 3D space alerting to object types and giving options for feet and hands (feet first). Use a special five-stop hardware device on the chest or voice to switch around the following, from top to bottom in the case of the switch-stop-black-plastic-vertical-bar-on-the-chest:   Sphere-navigate Tree-navigate 3D-subnavigate Subobject-navigate (announce object type and navigation and subnavigation options for hands). Sphere-navigate:   SAY “FORWARD: allow user to spin on the legs, when possible, without getting hurt. Alert to everything in the font part of the vision sphere, or whatever is considered in front. SAY “TURN LEFT: alert to what is in an immediate area on the left of a semicircle (e.g.: door, bed, floor, table). Pick an "on the median", safe-spot on the floor. Announce the directed distance 3-distance Euclidean n-tuple saying how far each of the two hands is from the "safe spot". Say: “EYE position. This can be, upper part of the head, left hand, right hand, foot, leg, etc (elbow or whatever).  Tree-navigate.  In the current "front area", allow the user to navigate by voice: “FRONT, “BACK, “PREVIOUS (for the previous child, for the hand's field of view in front of the left hand or either eye field of view).  This interface could also be used for a dog, pig, turtle, dolphin, whale, bird, beaver, or other animal. 3D-subnavigate: Ok, now we can "see" the tree. Decide whenever you want to navigate along the "safe vector". A "wave voice or sound" will use separate "components", to announce your hand increment (0,0,0) -> (N_A,N_B,N_C) (and also hand speed as the third coordinate of the tuple. I don't have a clue about how the blind person would, perceive the difference between relative displacement and speed, along this operation.  Ok. The speaker has SAID “MOVE HAND to perform the third operation. Just like the EYE can be anywhere, the HAND can beany where as well. Don't confuse the abstract eye and hand with the physical parts of the body announced by the machine with continuous names, with a granularity of skin location names akin to the level of detail found in advanced medical anatomy books.   D. Subobject-navigate (announce object type and navigation and subnavigation options for hands).  Each eye can at the same time be hand. There is a slight problem, because when one HAND moves, the other epsilon-adjacent HANDS also move.  Object appearance (eg. User turns on the tap, thus changing the tree, an alert will be given, etc.).  Also, turn on the tap and the water appears is an instantaneous appearance. An object entering the room is a continuous appearance.  If the blind person was also deaf..., place a pressure/heat/shape sensor in their mouth so they can feel everything inclusive of the voice commands (use buttons on the chest, but then they could hurt their hands in getting back to the "root-node controls, however many there could be on the chest).  To summarize, I want to know what advanced sensor-suits or computer-vision capable equipment could allow a blind or deaf blind person to navigate through space in such a way that they would be aware of their visual surroundings including object and object part positions and navigate safely through these.
Hardware keyboards for one-handed people have existed long-time ago. But what if the user had a partial second hand, or even just an elbow pushbutton, or a box with four corners which the elbow could push on to achieve the effect of pushing a SELECT-KEYBOARD-KEYS button. Thus, either this for people with an elbow and no hands (use the feet instead of the elbow input-device on a place next to the chair. Moving the elbow should feel like operating the gears of a tractor or car).  A person with no hands (just feet could use two [cyclically arranged switch]-machines. They look loke roulette-machine circles, but have an metal icon with a clamp that goes around the foot. As you move the clamp with the part above the ankle (which is part of the 3/8 area down the leg), the slider moves, making a click the person can hear to know what position they are in. A little bit at a tine, the no-arm(es) person will get accustomed to what letter each position will correspond to.  A separate, but similar, hooked-roulette wheel device around the waist (a special chair, would need to be present here), allows the armless person to type each time they move the waist around the waist-wheel, making a click moving the device to wherever they want to click, thus selecting the letter corresponding to the feet.  Bite a braces like device in your mouth to toggle between 1-D selection (both directions around the waist-wheel click, or 2-D selection: counterclockwise for imaginary selection of keyboard language (one click to switch to the next of M languages *.spoken by the user), and any movement in the clockwise direction to type.  Are there any such interfaces?
I have a macbook since December 2011.  This is my configuration:   MacBook Pro (13-inch, Late 2011) Processor 2.4 GHz Intel Core i5 Memory 4 GB 1333 MHz DDR3 Graphics Intel HD Graphics 3000 384 MB   I going to buy this SSD and this RAM  I have 2 question:   I'm pretty sure, that the SSD and the RAM are compatible with my computer, but does anyone can confirm me I made the right choice please. I need to install many OS on a virtual machine, but sometime, it could be impossible to install or used it because it was too slow. Does anyone can confirm me if the SSD + more RAM will increase my VM performance ?
I am going to upgrade my PC over Christmas, and right now I'm trying to pick out a PSU. I would like it to be fully modular, 80+ gold or better efficiency and preferably cheap. I found the Antec HCP750 Platinum and it looks awesome. It's very cheap (as far as platinum rated fully modular PSUs go), and has plenty of wattage.   However, now I'm wondering if it has too many watts. My maximum estimated wattage is 457, and the Antec PSU goes up to 750. That seems like a good thing in case I ever wanted to, say add additional video cards or more powerful video cards. Are there any downsides that I'm unaware of to having significantly more power in your PSU than your pc will actually draw? (Electricity bill, longevity of parts... etc.) Should I go for something more reasonable, like a 500-600W?
My current system is:   CPU: Intel Core i7 5820K. Motherboard: Asus X99-A with USB3.1. Cooler: Noctua NH-U14S. RAM: 16GB (4x4GB) Vengeance LPX. Power supply: 650W Corsair RMx. Storage: 250GB Samsung 850 EVO. Case: NZXT Noctis 450 Mid Tower.   I am looking for a graphics card for my system. I will use my PC mainly for programming, but I also do some video editing using Sony Vegas Pro. I need a GPU that is:   Relatively quiet. Under £150.  Supports 2+ monitors (1920 x 1080p Full HD).   Has anybody got any good recommendations for a GPU that is suitable for my usage?
I'm currently piecing together a shopping list to build an XY CNC (computer numerical control - basically computerized milling and production) machine. I'm looking at using this motor kit that provides NEMA 34 stepper motors with drivers. Where I get confused is on what controls the drivers; I know I need a motion controller to control the stepper drivers, or at least that's what I've gathered. I'm only looking to feed the motion controller G-code commands from a custom application.  I'm looking for a stepper motion control board for the CNC machine that:   can be controlled by sending G-code from a custom application accepts said G-code over a USB connection is compatible with NEMA 34 stepper motor drivers   For example, the Tiny-G board is exactly what I'm looking for but only supports smaller motors as far as I can tell.
The Lenovo Yoga 2 Pro has a rather unique placement of its internal cooling fan:   The fan is not located on the bottom of the machine under the keyboard like most laptops (which most external cooling fans are designed for).  Instead, the internal cooling fan is located at very edge of the laptop where the lid is.  So to use my Yoga 2 Pro with the average cooling fan, I have to put my laptop in the middle of the fan, which is very near unusable unless I use an external mouse and keyboard because the laptop would be tilting precariously on the fan.  Does anybody know if there exists a general purpose external cooling fan designed for the Lenovo Yoga 2 Pro, given its particular choice of internal fan placement?
SanDisk Internal SSD 120GB 2.5-Inch SDSSDA-120G-G25 costs Rs. 3600 (~$53) Sandisk SSD 128gb SATA 2.5, Z400s costs Rs. 3800 (~$56) SanDisk 128GB SDSSDP-128G-G25 cost Rs. 3900 (~$58) Samsung 850 EVO 120GB 2.5-Inch SATA III Internal SSD (MZ-75E120B/AM) - Costs Rs. 4800 (~$71)   As of now I have a old 500GB seagate HDD.  The new games are pretty big and system is taking a lot of time to load them (also going for a nwe graphic card since my 4670 got fried few days back).  My doubt in judging them is samsung is costly and has 520mbps write speed, and others have around 180mbps odd.  Some SSDs are slower than HDD when writting small files -do any of the above fall under such categories?  If I have to go with one of them - which is worthy?  I will not upgrade my pc for another 4 -5 years (atleast not my HDD) -I have plenty of room in my external HDD so place is of no issue - Just 128GB is sufficient.  Please advice - SSD (flash and DRAM terms are confusing  My mother board is old and will not change it yet since it is working great. MB model Asus MT7019015303817.  Another choice: Transcend Ultra 120GB 2.5-inch Solid State Drive with DRAM 64 MB onboard cache/RAID support Read Speed: Up to 230 Mbps and write speed: Up to 180Mbps MTBF 1.5 million hours Costs Rs. 5000 (~$74)  My budget is around Rs. 4500 - Rs. 5000 ($67 - $75)
I didn't use any AMD processor before, so things getting confusing for me. Someone is going to gift me a laptop. It has an AMD A10 processor  here is the full specification   I am a developer, I have to use software like NetBeans and Android Studio simultaneously. So my question is will this laptop fulfill my requirements? Or should I ask a different one which has Intel Core i7 processor inside, something like this laptop?  If the first laptop (AMD processor inside) is enough for my workload, then I won't tell him to change  otherwise I have to tell him to change the laptop. What should I do?
I do tech support for a web application.  Recently, a dealer/client wanted for us to specify minimum requirements for Microsoft SQL server.  I found several articles on MSDN that had barebone requirements; essentially these were the minimum to run SQL Server itself (1ghz, 512mb RAM, -ish).  I could not find any kind of guides that said "If you have X users, then you need Y RAM and CPU" or anything similar.  My engineering department through out a single number with no respect to load, and said 4 cores and 8GB of RAM.  I know that SQL server likes its RAM, but I'm not sure how much or precisely why.  What metrics are used to determine load on SQL server?  How can I develop a set of minimum hardware requirements for SQL Server for any random application?  As far as the application I support, we use SQL 2008 R2 and later; Standard or Enterprise (not Express).
I'm seeking z170/LGA 1151 MBs for my i7 6700k CPU, and I am planning to buy 2X8GB DDR4 SDRAM. When I search it on newegg, the prices range from $50 to $200+. My questions are  1) what makes the differences?  2) Besides the compatibility with my CPU and RAM, I only care about the performance. So would a $60 motherboard be good enough for me?  3) I notice there is a "memory standard" spec, which includes 2133-3400MHZ, does this has to be correspondent to my RAM's speed? For example, if my RAM is DDR4 SDRAM 3000, then I need to buy a MB that supports 3000MHZ memory standard, right?
I have a budget of ~10 kUSD to buy GPUs for neural network applications, mostly using Theano, Torch, TensorFlow and Caffe. Most programs I plan to run are for natural language processing. Computations are in float 32 and in CUDA. I live in the USA, and I don't pay for the electricity bills. The GPUs will be mounted to some computers running Ubuntu 14.04.3 LTS x64.  What are the graphic cards with the highest computational power / price ratio, given the above-mentioned conditions?
This benchmark here shows that GTX 670 is better in some conditions.  GTX 670 supports Cuda 3, while GTX 750 Ti supports CUDA 5 but GTX 960 supports Cuda 5.2.  However, I have no experience how much this difference could be in reliability, accuracy and computation speed. I would like to understand differences between Cuda 5 and 5.2 in Matlab computation, and this way, understand which GTX to choose.  How can you decide which GPU is better for scientific computation in Matlab?
The motherboard I am looking at is http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16813130892, which supports SATAe. This is a new term to me. I've done some research and am only able to understand that SATAe can make the R/W of my SSD faster. In the video that I watched about SATAe, a PCI card is introduced, I am not sure what it has to do with SATAe, and wonder whethere I need to buy additional gears to make the best of SATAe. Or, does the MB has a SATAe port where I can simply connect my SSD to it?(Assume my SSD support SATAe)
When I am looking at the memory standard specification of motherboard, almost every number except 2133 has a asterisk next to it indicating "overclock". I've never done any overclock in my life so I am kind of in over my head.   1) I am planning to buy a RAM with 3000MHZ, do I need to overclock anything to make the best of it?  2) This motherboard seems to be the only one without asterisks to the memory standards, or does it mean anything above 2133 is "overclocked"?
I'm making a BLE scanner to control locations of my devices. I have a scanner working and it is able to scan BLE devices, but I can't decide what I should buy (I need 150 of them). I just need simplicity and low power consumption. The only thing which I want to scan are MAC address, so I won't need any other features.  I tried to search on eBay, Aliexpress and a few more shops, but I don't exactly know how to formulate a search.  Could you help me with what I'm searching for or give me some specific models?
Ravensbuger sells tiptoi books which have almost invisible codes that can be read by a digital pen, which then makes sounds if you have uploaded the appropriate sounds to the pen before. The format of the codes as well as the file format for the pen have been reverse engineered and it's now possible to create own games etc.  Unfortunately the quality of my laser printer is not good enough for the pen to recognize the codes.  So I am now looking for a printer which can be used to print tiptoi compatible pages. From the last Make magazine, the requirement is just 1200 dpi, but I don't want to just buy any 1200 dpi printer. If someone could suggest a printer and has successfully printed tiptoi codes, that would be great.  The printer should   print DIN A4 be black and white only (no color needed) print in 1200 dpi or higher cost less than 200 € / 220 USD work with Windows (Linux support welcome) have Ethernet connection
I am planning to buy computer with main target for games. I was looking through fat lists of CPU, GPU and other computer parts and I am a bit confused for now.  The graphic card I have choosen is probably GeForce GTX 950. Then I would like to build 8 GB of RAM memory and HDD hard disk. What I am not sure is CPU and motherboard.  I was thinking about:   Intel i5 4460  Intel i5 4690  AMD FX-8300  AMD FX-8350  some other recommendations...   Please if you may suggest me something I would be thankful. If someone know what motherboard will be good for this set, feel free to share.    Edit  The computer would be for gaming as I wrote. Budget would be around 650 euro.  Of course there must be a card which is going to allow me access internet. I do not think that sound card is required for me as well as other extensions. I need motherboard (not specified), GPU, CPU, internet card, memory and hard disk, power and cooler system. I think that would be complete computer. Am I missing something ? The main part of computer will be CPU and GPU as I know, so I am concentrated on those parts now. I would like to have 8GB of fast memory as I heard it is important.
I'm looking for a new or gently used phone for the first time in a while.  They all seem to look alike, and the features I care about are not well advertised.  I have an AT&T Note 4, which is not able to get custom ROMs loaded to it due to a locked bootloader, though temp root has been achieved.  I want to use the T-Mobile $30 walmart plan (100 minutes, unlimited texts, 5GB high speed data) with this new-to-me phone.  T-Mobile is GSM and therefore requires a SIM card.  I'm looking for a phone for use in the USA with the following criteria:   Removable battery MicroSD card slot The phone has 2GB or more of RAM USB Host or USB OTG support The phone has been rooted The phone is reasonably popular and has ROMs available somewhere, preferably across all of its carriers Costs $100 - $150 ish   Wish list (probably not gonna happen)   Hardware keyboard   I thought by now there might be midrange or budget phones that meet this spec, but I can't seem to find any.  I think my best bet is going to be eBay.  Here are some phones I have found that meet these criteria:   Samsung Note 2 (eBay) Samsung Galaxy S3 (eBay)   These meet the criteria except for price:   Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Note 3 Samsung Note 4   I have found the site GSMArena and while it has all the information I am looking for, I cannot search by removable battery nor USG Host/OTG.  There are somewhere between 70 and 200 phones for me to search through.  What phones do you recommend?
I'm looking for a graphics card for Linux gaming. I don't need flagship performance, but still high end. I want to play, for example, some of the top titles on Steam, and perhaps use the same card in Windows with an Oculus Rift kit (which requires nVidia GTX 970 or AMD 290). I want to strike a balance between price, performance, and the following must-have requirements:   Good performance and stability using proprietary Linux drivers. Works well with GNOME 3. Works well with Debian (i.e. installing proprietary drivers and keeping them up to date is straightforward and doesn't mess up the package system).   Nice to have: at least decent performance and good stability with Open Source drivers.  (Related, but not the same: this question asks for graphics card recommendations for non-gaming purposes, using Open Source drivers.)  My budget is around 400€ or less, but I'm definitely willing to explore something a bit more expensive if there's a good reason. At the same time, I obviously don't want to spend all of that if I can get nearly the same performance for a proportionately smaller sum.
I am looking to improve my thin system (Haswell on H81) in the graphic department so Broadwell i5-5675C with its Iris seems to be a good choice. Sadly, I can't find any thin mini-ITX board to support it (built on H97 or Z97). Gigabyte boasts GA-H97TN, however after almost a year of it I am convinced this product doesn't exist — it was neither sold nor tested anywhere.  The question is: Is there any thin mini-ITX board supporting Broadwell (LGA1150) that can be actually bought?  Please pay attention to the thin part: I'm asking about a board using an external 19V laptop-style power brick, not a regular ATX PSU. I am aware of pico-PSUs, but that's also out of scope.
I'm looking for an ASIO sound card which I would be using in both Windows and Linux (dual-boot). It has to work flawlessly in Windows, and I would prefer it to work fully in Linux as well. However, I can live with a card that has some features disabled in Linux, as long as basic playback and recording works, I don't have to install any proprietary drivers, it works reliably, and is hassle-free (i.e. no configuration to get regular sound working, and none of that "has to boot in Windows first before it works in Linux").  I would prefer a PCIe card, and although I would be using this mostly for playback, I also want recording to work. I'm using Debian. Price range: less than 150€.
I just got the Phantom NZXT case (specs) for my PC. It works great for me, but this thing is so huge it barely fits in my desk! Now, it does fit, but since the 1/8 in audio output and USB ports are on the top, I can't plug in any of the USB ports or my headphones. Since this thing has 5 drive bays on the front, I'd like to get a USB drive bay with a 1/8 in output for my headphones. I can find plenty USB bays on google, but none of them include an headphone port. If I search for "USB bay with aux" I get a bunch of links to amplifiers, which are clearly not what I'm looking for. Does this even exist?  Requirements   5.25" At least two USB inputs (but preferably more) and one headphone output. The cheaper the better. 20 USD would be ideal, but I could go up to 35.   Preferences   USB 3.0 would be nice, but 2.0 would work fine also.
So I need a Raspberry Pi sized (can be smaller or a bit larger) embedded computer that can output PWM signal natively. The Raspberry Pi can output PWM signals, but only with a maximum resolution of 0.1mS. For my purposes I need one with a resolution of 0.05mS or lower. It must support 500Hz of refresh rate for the PWM signal. It must also run Linux or some other system that supports Java and wireless networking. The board must also have Java support for the PWM signal. The board could be two devices working together (e.g. something like a arduino and a shield). The board must cost less than $70.
My mouse was broken a few days ago, so I need to buy a new mouse.  I am interested in a trackball or vertical mouse because professional writers say that is better for my hands and that it's a good alternative to a normal mouse.  I don't want to spend too much money, so I am planning to buy one of the following two products:   Logitech M570 Wireless Trackball Anker 2.4G Wireless Vertical Ergonomic Optical Mouse   I usually do web surfing, and I sometimes work on office suite programs.  Sometimes I do a little coding and rarely play games like Minecraft.  I would like to have recommendations about the above two products, and if you have any alternative products that you think are better than those two, please let me know.
So I'm looking to buy a new desktop computer and I'm getting a little confused, my main concern is that it will be able to play the sim3 with multiple expansions. I found a computer that seems like it will work and can have the i5 processor vs the i3. I'm just very confused about which processor will be best.  these are the specifications of the computer:   Intel Core i3-4170 Dual-Core 3.7GHz processor or 6th Generation Intel Core i5-6400 Quad-Core 2.7 GHz processor (turbo to 3.3GHz) 8GB DDR3  1TB HDD Intel Integrated 4400 HD Graphics   I'm getting confused because most comparisons I do say the i5 is better for gaming. However the i3 is much faster 3.7 GHz vs 2.7GHz(3.3 turbo) and most things I read about sims recommendations is that the the faster the processor the better.  The i3 build is about 100 dollars cheaper as well, so I don't want to waste money on the i5 if the i3 is actually better for my needs.  I'm just looking for a good base computer that I can play some sims on that I can upgrade as I go. I don't really mind playing it on low settings, I just want to be able to play all my expansions I have about 5 expansions and on my current set up I can only play 2 expansions without horrible lag times.  So would the i3 or the i5 be better? I really don't understand the differences.
I would like to use a cubox-i (or any arm based single-board computer) as controler for a media installation.   I have a jvc audio amplifier which have an heavy power consumption, and no possibilities to manage that remotly, for example with hdmi-cec. I have also 5.1 speakers.   I would like to find an audio amplifier manageable by hdmi-cec, cubox have only a s/pdif output, so the audio amplifier should have one too.  Or ideally some electronic cards or adapters able to transmit the sound from the s/pdif to my speakers with that kind of cable:      By the way, could you tell me the name of these cables?
I found these 4 coolers for the same price, but I don't know which should I buy.  I favor performance and temperature. the size/looks doesn't really matter, if it fits in the chassis I'm happy (780T Full Tower PC Case).   I don't plan to overclock anything.   CPU cooler for Intel I7 6700k + Z170 deluxe + single GTX 980ti build.  Would be nice to have a silent build, but it's not that big deal. A cooler that doesn't need maintenance is a huge plus (I guess closed water cooler and vapor chamber don't need maintenance...)   Cooler Master V8 GTS Thermalright Silver Arrow IB-E Extreme Corsair Hydro Series H100i Phanteks PH-TC14PE 140mm UFB   If there is a better cooler suited for me under 100$ I will be interested to know...  I know this question is somewhat subjective, but I can't find the answer online, I only see different opinions everywhere...
I am looking at a inexpensive and low power home server to run Windows Server 2012 Essentials R2.  I see there are some server versions of the Atom processor that have 2 to 8 cores and clock speeds in the 1.7 to 2.4 GHz range. I am concerned because the clock speeds are below Microsoft's recommended requirements although they do exceed the minimum requirements.   Key specs for Server Essentials R2 from Microsoft's recommendations (linked above)  ╔╦╦╗ ║  Component   ║          Minimum           ║        Recommended*        ║ ╠╬╬╣ ║ CPU socket   ║ 1.3 GHz (64-bit processor) ║ 3.1 GHz (64-bit processor) ║ ║ Memory (RAM) ║ 2 GB                       ║ 16 GB                      ║ ╚╩╩   So for a server box that will do nothing else but acting in the Server 2012 R2 Essentials role (including Active Directory) and local DNS, is an Atom processor sufficiently powerful, or should I opt for a inexpensive processor Xeon E3 family?  For Active Directory, there are only 4 people in the family, plus a handful of other machine specific accounts and an admin account (no more than 10 users).  There are a total of 5 other Windows devices that are part of the domain (only 3 are actively used), plus there are a number of other devices that will connect via Wi-Fi or LAN that are not part of the domain (6 android phones and tablets and 2 work laptops that are part of corporate domains).  Ultimately, my question is what is the performance impact of the processor not meeting the recommended specs, and will looking at a 4-core or 8-core Atom make up for the slower clock speeds?  I do plan on trying to hit the recommended memory requirement.    In addition to the cost factor, I am also very interested in an Atom because of the low power consumption. I already have enough higher-power hardware running 24/7 so I'd like to avoid adding more, but the power consumption is a secondary factor and is not a hard requirement.
What's the successor to the Hewlett Packard LaserJet 6L?  The printer was sturdy (it would still work away happily nearly 15 years later, if there were still drivers for Windows and LTP connectors on computers), its print quality excellent (no smearing toner when you used a highlighter on a printed page, no creases on a page, crisp, clean print-outs), and the toner cheap (35 EUR or 38 USD per 2500 pages, approx, i.e. 1.4EURct/1.52USDct). And it was fairly compact, with a small footprint on a desk.  Any suggestions what printer from HP's current range might replace it?
So, my trusty HP photosmart all-in-one finally gave out after 10+ years of faithful service. I need a new printer/scanner for occasional use at my house. The photosmart was set up to store the scans to a memory card which stayed permanently in the printer. I could then navigate to a network share on the printer to access the scans.  Since I already have a Windows server with several shares on it I would prefer if the new printer could save the scan directly to a share.  Also, I rarely print or scan things but when I need it, I need it so I want a scanner that is cheap, but reliable and can endure long periods with little or no use.  Are there any good, cheap printer/scanners that can scan to a network share?  Here are some guidelines on how I will use the printer/scanner:   I will print at most maybe 10 pages a month. Possibly less. I will scan a mix of photos and documents. Probably around 5 items scanned a month. since I use it so little, the most I am willing to spend is $100. If it costs more than that, I will just get a cheap all-in-one and use it with the memory card like I did the previous printer. printing from iOS devices is a plus. it will be connected to the network via Ethernet. No wifi required. All user interaction to scan should be on the scanner itself. I do not want to have to log into a computer and initiate the scan from the computer. keep in mind that the Windows server is constantly running but no one is logged in. While I would prefer a solution that does not involve installing software on the server, I will if I have to, but it must run as a Windows service.   I could store the scans on a memory card in the printer and write a Windows service myself that polls the printer to see if there are any new scans and copies them to the share, but that seems like overkill because I probably will not use the scanner even on a weekly basis.  Please help me find something that meets my criteria.
I'm looking for a mobile sound card that connects via USB to a computer and can produce decent sound comparable or better than cheap internal audiocards.  Thing is I've listened to a few built-in AC97 Realtek cards, mobile players and smartphones and they all can't compete with even the cheapest internal PCI audiocard. Bass just isn't there on any of them and the sound seems dulled in comparison. So I'm looking for a mobile solution to this problem.  Requirements:   Works with at least Windows 7; Has 3.5mm or 6.35mm output;
Is it possible to add thunderbolt ports to the following build, via a PCIe card or similar?   MOBO MSI z170 Krait Gaming Chipset (LGA1151) CPU Intel i5 6600k Quad-core 3.5GHz (Skylake)   I doubt you need to know my GPU, RAM, etc. But here it is just in case.   GPU EVGA Nvidia GTX 980 Ti 6GB Superclocked ACX 2.0+ RAM G.Skill Ripjaws V Series 8GB (2x4GB) DDR4-2133 SSD Samsung 850 EVO-Series 250GB 2.5" HDD Seagate Barracuda 2TB 3.5" 7200RPM PSU XFX XTR 550W Fully-Modular ATX   I've found a couple of expansion cards from ASUS, HP, and Gigbyte, but these cards list compatibility only with specific motherboards/builds from that specific company. Intel also seems to sell thunderbolt controllers, but I don't know if you can just pop those into any motherboard.   I ask because I have an Apple Thunderbolt Display that I love dearly, and while I do have a smaller not-so-great Acer display to use for now, I would really like to use the Thunderbolt Display instead of or in addition to the little Acer. I still use the Thunderbolt Display on my Mac Pro, when doing freelance work and more intensive CPU-heavy tasks, but both monitors sit on the same desk and having a giant black screen next to the tiny usable one isn't ideal at all.   I'm not going to pay more than the monitor cost to use it (~1000), and I would rather not buy a comparable monitor to replace it, but if there is a comparable monitor for $500 I would consider it.  Any ideas? Apparently the thunderbolt display will ONLY take input via its hardwired Thunderbolt cable, and plugging that cable into a mini displayport will not work.
I bought GTX 960 GPUs but noticed that the are not supported by all my PCs, most notably business PCs.  I would like to find some well supported GPUs because I am only interested in computation by GPU, not gaming.  However, I am not sure if I lose some performance if I choose such GPUs.  Options are only Nvidia's GPUs with CUDA support because the computation is required in Matlab.   Examples of Business PCs   HP Compaq Pro 6300 Business PC (Intel Chipset Q75) and many other HP PCs with Intel Chipset Q75, Q85, ... Thread here about Q85 and here about Q75.   How can you find GPU for computation with wide support?
I ordered a new case for my ITX build it's Phanteks Enthoo Evolv ITX (white).  I want to light it with cold white light but I have to choose a source of light. I have two favourites (both powered by PSU):   Cold Cathode (Revoltec) - one 300 mm at the top and one at the bottom of the case (if they will fit) or two 100 mm at the top and two at the bottom (if 300 mm won't fit).  LED Strip (5050, 12V, Color: Cold White) - around the whole case or only at the top and bottom   And now questions:   Which configuration will consume less power (Watts)? Which configuration provides more light?  Any pros/cons for this configurations? Any other possible solutions? Which will look better (I know it is subjective opinion, but what do you think)?     After using "Peter Zhu's" answer, I lit it with LED strips (3528, 12V, Color: Cold White) and below you can find a photo of it:
I'd like to upgrade my laptop's 500GB to a Samsung Evo 850 500GB SSD.   I'd like to know if the SSD will be recognized by my system?   Also, will it work to have 1TB combining the SSD and my current HDD by placing my HDD in the optical drive?   Laptop: Dell Studio XPS M1640  Operating system: Ubuntu/Linux
I need a really large battery Android phone. It should be able to charge other devices using it's own battery power. It must run a relatively new version of Android (4.3 or newer). It must also cost less than $400 unlocked. Other specs are not important but the higher end the better.
I know that the JBL range of products can do this ("JBL Connect" demonstration on YouTube), but what other companies support using two wireless speakers as a stereo pair?   I would like portable speakers that contain batteries so not Sonos type speakers.
I basically want to setup my Linux computer to record multiple Line ins.  The problem is I have only one line in input in my sound card.  I need multiple Line in or RCA audio inputs. I'm looking for either PCI devices or USB or bluetooth or any other cheap solution.  Reason: I have many so called 12 volt CCTV mics. They take 12v input and output RCA audio. I used a RCA to 3.5 mm converter and connected one to the Line in of my computer and that worked perfectly.
I'm seeking a <=10 AMP wall-outlet heating element that can rapidly heat 300-1200 grams of water to 205 degree Fahrenheit, attached to the side of a glass container.  I just purchased this one, but it's bigger than I thought it was going to be.   There are two other similar, but smaller ones on Amazon that will not work because they are too short - they're less than 3 inches or so.  The device should work for varied water levels: something like 2-6 inches or so.  Most of this type of element will burn up if used without being submerged.
Some basic searches:   http://lifehacker.com/five-best-travel-routers-1452441479 http://www.techhive.com/article/2150741/laptop-accessories/tested-6-new-travel-routers-that-can-deploy-a-secure-wi-fi-network-almost-anywhere.html   My main use scenario: travelling to some place where with no WiFi. Going to internet cafe that has some old computers connected via ethernet cable but again - no WiFi. iPhones and MacBooks don't have ethernet cable so I would like to transparently plug into existing wired connection and access internet on my devices.  Requirements for the router:   ethernet in ethernet out powered from battery pack (optional nice to have) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Power_over_Ethernet - I don't think it is widely available just yet...   Some potential candidates / no affiliates / collected from links on the top:   http://www.amazon.com/BR-6258n-150Mbps-Wireless-Broadband-Supported/dp/B0069JA7M2 http://www.amazon.co.uk/NETGEAR-PR2000-100EUS-Universal-Extender-Travel/dp/B00I4UQ0AC   They are both reasonably priced. Are there any other models / any other considerations?
I have 2 PCs (1 personal, 1 company), an Amazon FireTV and a Raspberry Pi 2. All those devices have HDMI output. My company laptop has Display Port as well.  Being a software developer, I need high resolution for the PCs. At the moment I use 2 monitors with 1280x1024, but IMHO FullHD would be sufficient as a minimum resolution. Higher resolution probably preferred.  The FireTV supports 4k, but I can't see the advantage of 4k yet. FullHD is nice enough. From the description, it seems I need HDCP 2.2 support.  I am sitting in front of the monitor at a distance of .8 to 1 meter, so the size in inches should probably not be too large. Right now I have 2 monitors with 17", which is ok.  Requirements list:   FullHD or higher resolution 4 inputs in total (4 HDMI or 3 HDMI + 1 DP) 1 HDMI input must support HDCP 2.2 switching between inputs should be "easy" operation without remote control   I don't necessarily need:   short reaction times, since I'll not do game play with it 3D support other inputs (although a standard D-Sub VGA input would be nice - who knows what it'll be good for)   At the moment I don't care about the price yet. I just want to find a monitor that has 4 HDMI inputs.  I have tried: finding a monitor on Amazon. From my filter there are 174 monitors to review and while I can specify HDMI, I can't specify the amount of inputs.
I have several small USB microphones, which work just fine as long as my mouth is within a few inches of the mic's input. However, I am looking for a small and cheap microphone (under $10 from somewhere like Amazon) that doesn't require such close proximity.  Are there any such cheap USB microphones that can record normal volume speaking that takes place 2-3 meters away from the mic?
I'm looking for two kind of fans which I will mount in Phanteks Enthoo Evolv ITX (white). I'm looking for quitest fans meeting following requirements:   First one (back out fan):   - 140mm  - black case  - white proppeler  - cold white led light  - example fan: Phanteks PH-F140SP LED Second one (2 x top out fans):  - 140mm  - black case  - white proppeler  - example fan: Phanteks PH-F140XP
I've tried to "upgrade" my Windows 8.1 Dell Precision M4700 to Windows 10, but Intel Ethernet chipset 82579LM does not support multiple VLANs in Windows 10.  I'm looking for an USB to Ethernet adapter that supports multiple VLANs and has a working Windows 10 driver.  Is somebody using this kind of adapter?
I am looking for a very cheap & cheerful NAS housing. Just gets the job done, with no frills.  I have found some, but they all run a 32bit Linux which limits the max disk size (to 16tB, IIRC). I would prefer not to have such a restriction.  I would prefer not have any raid at all (not even RAID 0), so that if one drive fails, I won't have major recovery problems.  Is there a cheap 4 (possibly even 2) bay solution in the UK (or with cheap shipping & customs duty) to United Kingdom?  Or would I be better simply using a cheap PC (or even a Raspberry Pi - if I can somehow attach that many hard drives) as a file server?
What would be a good pinhole camera to record an iphone screen at a distance of 5-8 m and be able to read the information on the screen? We have tried some pinhole cameras already but without any success. The iphone screen can barely be seen at that distance let alone read its contents.
It's the second time I read a praise or speculation about how Lightning-connected headphones will improve "audiophile" experience, this time in English:     Apple's Lightning connector — standard across modern iPods, iPhones, and iPads — could be the catalyst for a dramatic change. There are already Lightning headphones from Philips and Audeze, whose advantage over conventional wired cans is in sending a digital signal to an integrated amp and converter inside the headphones.   The Verge: What to expect CES 2016   Is a mobile audiophile experience possible and practical? Does Lightning play a key role?
I'm looking for a WLAN-Router with integrated DSL-Modem (ADSL) which is supported by OpenWRT. Currently running a TP-Link WR4300 which is not having DSL integrated. The provider is suggesting FRITZ!Box 7490 (ADSL 2+ (ITU G.992.5) Annex B) but I really don't want to have non free (as in Freedom) hardware at this part of my home network.
I am considering Ethernet over power.  I presume that there are trade-offs between price and quality versus standard wireless.   I would be considering this for an average size UK living room, with one router and three PCs.  It would be used 80 to 90% for internet access, so only needs to match or beat Wi-Fi speeds.   However, the rest of  the time, two laptops would be using it to back up to a file server PC, so that more bandwidth would be welcome. Although, once the first backup of everything is done, backups would be mirror backup, monitoring the file system and updating individual files as they change. So that might not be such a major consideration.  What do you recommend for UK home use, and where should I buy it?
I have several hundreds of optical media disks (mainly DVD-R & CD-R) that stores data, that needs to be transferred to a hard disk drive to improve accessibility.   As a possible alternative to a bunch of external slot-in DVDs connected to a computer I'm looking for a CD-R/DVD-R reader carousel that could read data on the DVDs and store it on a OS X, Linux or Windows 7 (64-bit) computer, a portable disk drive or to a NAS.  To be just as good as Hardware for extracting data from eight DVD-Rs at the same time the reader should be capable of reading at 16x, and number of slots should be at least eight, prices should be below $300, as that would probably be the cost of hooking up eight DVD-Rs to one of my computers.   It seems that the Digistore Solutions CHUB-DSS Centurion DiscHUB could have been an alternative, but this seems to be unsupported and a quite expensive product at $680: http://www.digistoresolutions.com/products/centurion-dischub  Do I have any alternatives?
As I were not able to find a DVD-R carousel within my price range that includes a reader, I'm considering buying eight DVD-R drives and controller-card(s) for extracting data off hundreds of CD-Rs and DVD-Rs. Most of my DVD-Rs are 16x or less.  I first thought that the following configuration would work, but connecting four USB 2.0 drives to one USB 2.0/3.0 hub would limit the speed, as the design of hubs in general will have a total capacity of one USB 2.0 port.   2 USB 2.0 HUBS : http://www.dx.com/p/m6988-b-power-socket-style-high-speed-480mbps-4-port-usb-2-0-hub-black-40cm-cable-173752#.Vo3l-DZg1AY 8 USB DVD-R slot-in drives : http://www.dx.com/p/super-slim-usb-2-0-slot-in-dvdrw-external-optical-drive-for-macbook-silver-black-274392#.Vo3mWDZg1AY   What hardware configuration would have an optimal speed to extract all drives at the same time in good speed?
Background:  I have a HP DL580 G5 Server with 128GB RAM and 4 Quad Cores but not much local storage just enough for OS and stuff.  I also have another HP StorageWorks X1400 G2 Network Storage System based on DL320 G6 which has plenty of available storage but not much horsepower.  What I would like to do is keep my virtual machines on HP Storage Works x1400 and run from DL580.  I have tried with 1 Gigabit ethernet but when you want to run multiple VMs it's not fast enough - things load slow.  I'm looking for the most economical piece of hardware that I can use to connect these two machines. It needs to:   have a similar connectivity to a DAS let me store VMs on the G6, and run them over the connection on the G5 be professional quality, if possible have as low a price tag as possible   The G5 server has a PCIe slot; I had wondered if I could use this as a basis for the hardware. Bonus points if that's the case.
I'm searching for a notebook that supports 32 GB RAM. You can recommend one or multiple (all notebooks with 32 GB RAM support you know) devices.  I have already tried to find something by myself, but with Google I only found a small number of very expensive gaming notebooks or mobile workstations.  Requirements:   Supports 32 GB RAM. Bonus points if it's pre-installed. Between 600 and 1300 Dollar/ Euros. Sufficient processing power to run virtualisation stuff: VMs, servers, cloud computing software.   Not required:   Any more than a basic graphics card.   I don't mind having anything that's Not Required, but it's non-essential and must meet the requirements first.  Update:  I want a new goods notebook, with two years manufacturer warranty!
This might be comparing apples to oranges, but I know that one of these most likely gives a user a greater performance gain.   If given the chance to only have one:  Which is more likely to give the bigger performance boost, i5 to i7 or HDD to SSD?
I have a Acer R3-471T laptop running Windows 10 and would like to be able to have mobile data on it via a SIM card. Mi-Fi's, Mobile USB Dongles, etc. are not viable since my phone provider (Cricket, located in Maryland, USA) does not offer them.  Is there a device available to do this?
I am looking for a small monitor for my Retropie (it's basically a all in one console emulator OS for the Raspberry Pi).  What the monitor must have:   HDMI port Low price (<£100) Raspberry Pi 2 compatibility   What the monitor should have:   Built-in audio Small size (≤10in) Shipping to Estonia
My laptop's internal Wi-Fi antenna is horrible. At my school especially, it can only connect half the time, and when it does, rarely actually assigns me an IP address. I'm looking for a USB adapter that can help me actually get Wi-Fi at school (and anywhere else I might need it too). I'm wary of doing this, because I already have a USB Wi-Fi dongle (Netgear wg111v3), but it's pretty much as bad as my internal one.  I have done some research, and narrowed it down to these two being best for my budget:   Hiro Adapter Panda Adapter   So my question is: Which one will give me better reception and reliability?
I'm in need for a new screen. I've started looking for some screens but then I came the question: 21:9 or 1440p? After some digging around if found 2 screens i really like.   One from Lg that is 21:9 1080P and Freesync support(not that i can use it but more on that). The other screen I found was Dell ultrasharp 1440P screen. Which of the 2 is better for gaming and light programming. I will also be running a second 1080p screen of an 21" size format.  The LG 29UM67 is a 1080P 21:9 screen this means it gets a resolution of about 2560x1080. it has a 75Hz refresh rate in freesync mode which can be activated no matter what videocard you have on it. The format of the screen it 29" so its not big nor small. Without freesync the screen may get screen tearing.   The Dell Ultrasharp U2515H is a 1440P screen with an aspect ratio in about 16:9. It has a 60Hz refresh rate and a 6ms response time. the size of this screen is 25". It has problems with back light bleed.  I'm running a Gtx 970 G1 gaming, so type doesn't matter.
I'm searching for a good internal raid system for two SSDs and one for two HDDs. The housing of the SSDs and HDDs should be compatible with an external docking station, which I want to use for Backups. So I must also be able to buy extra housings for backup disks.  Do you know a good solution, for this kind of setup?  I prefer easy use and quality over the cheapest solution, but if there is a cheap solution fulfilling my needs, I would choose this one.
I'm looking for a NAS device for the purpose of running backups of several other machines. My current setup for this is a consumer PC with extra drives plugged in, but this is non-optimal for several reasons.  I want NAS hardware because consumer PC hardware with enough disk slots usually comes in an enormous case and requires expensive motherboards and so forth. This system does not need high hardware performance, and ideally would cost less than $500. However, I intend to install a standard Linux distribution on it (probably Arch) and handle all software requirements myself. Thus, I need a system on which it is easy to boot from a CD or USB and install a new OS. (My prior research suggests that many NASs require fiddling with the hardware to achieve this; I'd prefer to avoid that.)  I would like at least four disk slots, and would prefer that it came diskless. I will connect it via Ethernet, and do not require any other network hardware. As mentioned above, it will be used only for periodic backups of other machines, which have live data; thus, the hardware performance other than network and disk bandwidth is mostly immaterial. And of course, because I will handle the software myself, I do not care about what software package it comes with, only that I can get rid of it.  Any recommendations?  Edit: The usual OS install process requires a video output, which is apparently rare on NAS hardware; however, it should also be possible to install over the network (particularly a distribution such as Arch whose install procedure is from the command line itself). Thus, while it would be more difficult, a device without video whose bootloader can be edited or replaced would also suffice, so long as an unrestricted network shell is available from the original OS.
I was hoping for the Oculus Rift to be released for a price of less than 500 € (~550 USD). Since it it now announced for 700 € (~760 USD), I wonder whether there's an alternative announced to be ready this year (in 2016).  Perhaps I was too fixated on the Oculus Rift, but I have not listened much to the VR market and competitors of Facebook.  Requirements:   max. 500 € price released or announced for 2016 resolution of approx. 1080×1200 per eye, like the Rift works on Windows, Linux is not required comes with an SDK, games not required
I will understand if this is off-topic, I couldn't really understand the rules, but I saw some similar questions. I'll delete this if you consider it to be off-topic.  This is my current PC:   Motherboard: Asrock 970 Extreme3 R2.0 CPU: AMD FX 4350  Video: AMD R9 270 2GB RAM: (1x) Kingston HyperX Fury Black 8GB 1600Mhz DDR3 SSD: Kingston 128GB HDD: WD 500GB 7200RPM   My idea is to upgrade my computer so that it allows for further modification but in such a way that I don't get bottlenecks. The GPU is pretty new so I won't be changing it for now. I use my computer mostly for gaming and work (Visual Studio + Hyper-V with a Windows Server 2012 instance), and because of this an upgrade to 16GB RAM is needed (8GB runs short sometimes).    These are the upgrade paths I've been able to identify which could provide me a nice performance gain for at least some time.  Upgrade1 (current CPU is given as part of the price) This path has two downsides: RAM keeps being DDR3, so upgrade to DDR4 will be required in some time; and the FX8350 is basically the top of what AM3+ will get.    New CPU: FX8350 = USD270  New RAM DDR3 8GB stick = USD110  Total: USD380   Upgrade2 (current CPU and motherboard are given as part of the price) This path has the same RAM downside as Upgrade1.   New Motherboard: Asus Z97-C = USD200 New CPU: i5 4590 = USD300 New RAM DDR3 8GB stick = USD110  Total: USD610   Upgrade3 (current CPU, RAM and motherboard are given as part of the price) This path allows for DDR4 RAM, many CPU upgrades if/when required and the motherboard has 2 PCI-E 3.0 slots for many different GPU setups, when an upgrade is required.   Motherboard: MSI Z170a = USD220  DDR4 16GB = USD200  CPU: i5 6400 = USD280  Total: USD700   What I'm wondering is if the Upgrade3 path is really worth the USD700 (without taking into account that the final price will be around USD450 upon giving my components). Also, I'm not from the USA, that's why prices will probably seem much higher than they should be (and importing is not an option).
I have some embedded systems with RS-232 interfaces. But these days new computers with RS-232 interface seems quite rare, so I am wondering what alternatives might exist.  I know there are RS-232 to USB adapters, but I am wondering if there might exist a device that could be used without even needing a computer to plug it into.  Is there a device to which I can just hook up one USB keyboard and one monitor (through HDMI, DVI, or DisplayPort) and have it perform the function of a VT100 or similar?  I found a single chip device similar to what I am looking for. That device has PS/2 keyboard interface and analog video output. What I am looking for is however USB keyboard input and digital video output.
I would like to use my laptop as a Wi-Fi hotspot, but the Wi-Fi hardware does not support AP mode, which I understand is required, as mentioned here and other similar pages providing instructions for how to set it up.  With a google search I did find this page, but there is just a '?' in the column for whether the dongle supports AP mode or not.  Do you have a Wi-Fi dongle that supports AP mode? If so, what is it?  If it matters, I am running Ubuntu 14.04
I'm looking for a desktop which runs recent games at medium to high settings and costs about 600$. The specs should be like something along the lines of the following:  CPU: 3GHz Quad Core GPU: 1GHz VRAM: 2GB RAM: 8GB DISK: 500GB+                Furthermore, since I don't want to spend too much money on power, I would like it to be quite efficient, preferably with a wattage lower than 250/300W if this is possible, given my other requirements. I found this excellent 600$ build online but the wattage was far too high (400W-ish). Any suggestions?
Inside our house I only usually get an H or H+ signal, or sometimes 3G but when I go outside, I get a fast 4G signal. I plan to buy a repeater so that I will get the same 4G signal inside.  I already have seen a repeater in an online shop and it's quite affordable at $50. However it says it is a GSM900MHz repeater.  My question is: can it detect the 4G signal outside and repeat the 4G inside our house?
I am looking for a keyboard with the following properties:   no forced incline full-size layout (i.e. not compact layout) flat keys Apple QWERTY layout (i.e., standard layout of official Apple keyboards sold in the United States), or something close to it. thin wired or wireless is fine (slight preference toward wireless though)   Ideally, it should be:   below 100 USD available in the United States     To be clear on the terms:  Example of keyboard with forced incline: MB110LL/B    Example of keyboard with flat key: MYLE® Ultra Thin Wired USB Mini Keyboard for Mac and PC    Example of keyboard with compact layout:  GMYLE® Ultra Thin Wired USB Mini Keyboard for Mac and PC    Example of thin keyboard: Logitech Illuminated Keyboard K740:    More generally, a keyboard similar to the Logitech Illuminated Keyboard K740 but with Apple layout would be perfect.
I want to build a small network and security appliance (server) based on a fast Intel Atom CPU. What I need is an Atom CPU (or similar), minimal RAM (1GB is more than enough), a USB drive or SATA Disk On Module (for a small system image), and Gigabit Ethernet. The dimensions of the board aren't important. ARM CPUs are too slow. Most importantly, I don't want lots of multimedia and other interfaces which I feel uncomfortable with for robustness and security reasons. What I'm looking for is something specialized like the Parallela board but for Atom. I am running basically XEN so the CPU should support virtualization. On top of XEN will be MirageOS.
I own this laptop: HP Envy 15-108el It comes with 1TB Hard disk and the following mSata drive:  smartctl 6.4 2014-10-07 r4002 [x86_64-linux-4.2.0-23-generic] (local build) Copyright (C) 2002-14, Bruce Allen, Christian Franke, www.smartmontools.org  === START OF INFORMATION SECTION === Device Model:     ADATA AXM21S3-24GM-B Serial Number:    2E1220002978 LU WWN Device Id: 5 000000 000000000 Firmware Version: 168b-HP User Capacity:    24.015.495.168 bytes [24,0 GB] Sector Size:      512 bytes logical/physical Rotation Rate:    Solid State Device Form Factor:      < 1.8 inches Device is:        Not in smartctl database [for details use: -P showall] ATA Version is:   ACS-2 (minor revision not indicated) SATA Version is:  SATA 3.1, 6.0 Gb/s (current: 6.0 Gb/s) Local Time is:    Wed Jan 13 13:37:58 2016 CET SMART support is: Available - device has SMART capability. SMART support is: Enabled   I would like to upgrade the mSata drive, replacing it with a Crucial MX200.   Will it fit inside the laptop?  Can I use it to boot windows? Is there any way?   I'm not scared of "strange" ways.
What companies should I look to for purchasing a top end non-smart TV?  Given the entirely plausible set of scenarios where Smart TV's are susceptible to malware & the added cost of the "smartness" is usually not necessary, I won't be looking to get a Smart TV anytime soon.  But it seems almost every manufacturer has jumped on this bangwagon full steam ahead. Who hasn't? Anyone still focusing on just the display part? Some examples?  At a certain point the TV hardware starts to resemble Monitors in terms of performance/size. Maybe it would just be better to look towards monitor manufacturers that make large screens?    As an example: http://www.vizio.com/tvs.html?screen_size_range=765,767,769,771  All the larger TV's are Smart TV's.
I've never had a smartphone before, but since I started Android development I thought it would be beneficial to have a physical device -- the emulator has some limitations.  I do plan to make this phone my daily driver, but I am not really a heavy phone user.    What I am looking for:   Is developer friendly A nice camera A mid-sized display - I don't want anything so big that it's tough to carry Front-facing stereo speakers would be nice but it's not a requirement - I know many HTC phones have these but I have heard that the more recent models tend to get hot Screen does not get very hot - a phone that runs warm bothers me Relatively low SAR rating - It can't hurt to have a lower rating phone Can easily turn off the data plan and use wifi Fits in my $300-$400 budget   I don't have a ton of knowledge about phone models and I would really appreciate some recommendations.
I've heard many good things about bias lighting, and am looking at options for it. I'm handy with a soldering iron so some assembly required is cool but I suspect other people may prefer something with minimal assembly requirements.  My criteria?  Well, its bias lighting.  Nice to have features?  Turns on and off when my PC does or has a switch  The ability to vary overall brightness, though it dosen't have to be dimmable.   I require reasonably even backlighting.  Would be super cool if it worked well with larger monitors.  Removable options would be shiny - I may regret what I chose, or need to dial in its position. Not essential though.   Since I work with dual monitors, options that scale to that would be super cool.
I'm trying to assemble my private home server. I'm searching about a new motherboard and CPU, but I'm stuck because I don't know what, specifically, to check and which components are important. For motherboard, I know I have to check socket type. For CPU, it's important to check about cores and frequency, but also size of first and second level cache storage. I know also it's wrong to do an arithmetic sum of cores and freq, because it is not the real value. Can someone explain the most important feature of motherboard and CPU?  I prefer a better motherboard without graphic included, which is always expensive.
For some reason, my fingers have started hurting and typing very desyncedly. For example, I type "teh" a lot and put spaces before I really should. The ergonomics of the keyboard is so bad. The Home/End/Insert/Delete/Etc. is too far to the right, numpad as well and mouse too. My back is bent sideways and I look like Steve Hawking. I'm wondering if there's something like a keyboard that can be used as a text input method for my PC.  It must be able to act like a PC keyboard software-wise, be powered by USB, be able to type all letters of a keyboard, be able to switch to different keyboard language layouts (for example, English, Croatian, etc.).  Is there such a device?
I'm wondering if there's a USB stick (not HDMI stick) with computer things inside (processor, RAM, etc.) which plugs into another PC. I've had an idea like this as a kid, but many sticks don't plug into another PC, but with HDMI into a TV, but I'm not able to afford an HDMI TV so I'm stuck with VGA. My idea was that the PC into which the USB stick is connected opens up an application from the USB stick's special root folder which is like a terminal program. The program interchanges data between the PC and the USB stick so that the keyboard, mouse, microphone, USB, etc. of the host PC get onto the USB stick while the USB stick's monitor data and sound data gets to the host PC's screen and speakers.  Now, is this really possible? Does it even exist or is it in my imagination?
I'm looking to get a new keyboard (and a mouse, too). It'll likely be used for 5-8 hours a day for the foreseeable future, mainly for web browsing, programming, and gaming. I am mainly looking for something that will work well for gaming without necessarily having fancy features like macros and programmable backlighting.  The keyboard can be in a combo with a mouse, as long as the mouse fits this question.  Requirements   Cheap (under $20-$30USD, depending on how many of my preferred features it meets) Works with Windows 10 Not wireless (unless the batteries are going to last years on one charge) Less than 19 inches wide (any larger and it won't fit) Decent rollover (I can't exactly quantify this as I still haven't figured out exactly how rollover works, but as an example of "decent" I'd need it to register e.g. Shift, A, W, and Space at the same time) Enough backlighting that I can distinguish the keys in low light conditions (this is the main problem with my current keyboard)   Preferred features  Listed in approximate order of importance   Relatively quiet (I'm often on the computer when the rest of the house is asleep, and I don't want to be annoying) Any lighting can be turned on and off Any lighting is green to go with my headset (really doesn't matter; I'm willing to pay like an extra $1 for this)   Not necessary   Extraneous features like macros, dynamic backlighting, etc. A number pad (I do occasionally use my current one, but it takes up so much extra space... I still haven't decided whether or not it's worth it)   Things I have considered:   CM Storm Devastator: looks great except that it apparently has two-key rollover. I'm not sure exactly what that means, so I don't entirely know whether it would be good enough. CM Storm Octane: good, but a little expensive, and I don't need the extra mouse buttons, dynamic lighting, or 19 key rollover Logitech K120: definitely cheap enough, three-key rollover, but doesn't have backlighting.
I'm looking to get a new mouse (and a keyboard, too). It'll likely be used for 5-8 hours a day for the foreseeable future, mainly for web browsing, programming, and gaming. I am mainly looking for something that will work well for gaming without necessarily having fancy features like macros.  Requirements   Cheap (under $10-$15USD, depending on how many of my preferred features it meets) Works with Windows 10 Not wireless (unless the batteries are going to last years on one charge) Nice scrollwheel for gaming, i.e. it clicks nicely and doesn't have "smooth" scrolling (these are the problems with my current mouse)   Preferred features  Listed in approximate order of importance   Has on-the-fly adjustable DPI (so I can easily make pixel-by-pixel cursor/crosshair adjustments without turning on *shudder* mouse acceleration.) Any lighting can be turned on and off Any lighting is green to go with my headset (really doesn't matter; I'm willing to pay like an extra $1 for this)   Not necessary   Extraneous features like macros, etc.   The mouse can be in a combo with a keyboard, as long as the keyboard fits this question.
I have a "Early 2008" Mac Pro (MacPro3,1) which has a NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GT in it (the mid-range choice at the time).  Unfortunately, it only has 512 MB of VRAM, and that's getting to be more and more of a restriction.  The rest of the computer still meets all my needs (or can be upgraded), so it's time to replace the card.  I am looking for something gaming focused, although I'm not expecting (or looking for) something that can render the latest twitch-based FPS on SuperUltraHigh quality at 120 FPS.  I just want something that can handle the "High" quality settings for moderately recent (e.g. 2014) games at a reasonably smooth speed.  Example games would include Civ V, The Talos Principle, and Wolfenstein: The New Order (with Bootcamp).   That said, I don't know enough about relative performance of cards to know what a good buy for that would be, or even how to define a requirement.  So here's the rest of my requirements:   Support for the standard Mac boot screens (either natively or via a flashing service) Price under $1000.  If it needs to be flashed, that needs to be included in the price. Support for 2+ monitors.  Specific outputs don't matter, although at least one DVI port would be nice. (I'm buying a new monitor at the same time, and can get a adapter as needed for the other.) Compatible with the limitations of my computer (PCIe 2.0 x16, 225W max draw) Quiet under non-gaming usage (i.e. not significantly louder than the computer's own fans) Works under Windows (via Bootcamp) as well.   Nice-to-haves include:   Price under $500. Relatively quiet while gaming (shouldn't be so loud as to be heard in the next room) No known compatibility issues with Parallels Desktop     I'm currently considering the GeForce GTX680 Mac Edition, but I don't know if that meets all of my performance or noise requirements.  Any support for buying it or alternative recommendations would be appreciated.
I'm looking to get a new desktop PC within the next month or so, but I'm no computer expert and I'm not sure what sort of hardware to look for that would suit my needs and be within my budget of 500 USD. Those needs are:   Can handle games such as Skyrim, Fallout 4, and Dragon Age Inquisition with ease, has at least 700gb of space, preferably more, and preferably an SSD, has at minimum 6gb ram, can handle multiple OS installations (so I can install and run Windows, Linux, and Mac OSes from the same machine), should have hardware that's Mac capable.  What I'd need it for is gaming and web development.  What I don't need is a monitor, keyboard, or mouse.  I would also really like something small and lightweight, like a mini PC, because I have no internet where I live and would have to move the computer around between my house and my parent's house, but I can't get a laptop because they burn out too fast from hard use.
So i bought a Razer Tiamat 7.1 headset, i was a bit silly though and thought the usb that connect the headset to the computer was not just to power the headset. Im using a laptop and it obviously doesnt have a 7.1 sound card. it does come with female 3.5mm jacks to micro usb, but its meant for connecting other speakers through the control unit of the headphones, but maybe there is a way to hack it so it uses it to connect the headphones to the laptops usb instead, but i doubt so...  So are their any decent solutions for going from 7.1 3.5mm jacks to usb? or hdmi. Also dont want to spend more than $50 on a solution for this. otherwise i guess ill be destined to use it in 2.1 mode until i upgrade to a desktop.
I got the new MacBook and it runs amazingly, and I got Apple's USBC to USBA adapter.  My only issue is that I cannot charge and use my external USB devices at the same time (I have a USB 3.0 Hub with a mouse, headphones, external HD, and 2 xbox controllers).  I looked pretty hard to find a reasonably priced USBC splitter but all I could find is Apple's $79 3 way splitter.  What are your recommendations for a reasonably priced (preferably less than or equal to $20) USB 3.1 splitter.  (1 USB type C input with 2 USB type C outputs)
I bought this bad boy today, but it runs kinda hot. If it gets hotter, is slows down its frequency.  http://www.asrockrack.com/general/productdetail.asp?Model=C2750D4I#Specifications  Can you guys recommend me a fan that can keep it cool.  So far I found the Noctua A8 ( With 6 years of warranty ) that also fits perfectly on the fan slot I have in the case, blowing right on top.  http://noctua.at/en/nf-a8-pwm.html  Do you guys have a better option in mind. Price does not matter, as long as it's a good fan.
For a few years now I have been looking for a consumer-level networked multifunction / all-in-one printer that has:   PostScript printing (not emulation); Duplex printing; A scanner that saves monochrome / bi-level images as JBIG2-compressed PDFs; and A scan-to-email function (send scanned documents to email)   The only products I have seen that check all of these boxes are a few high-end business machines that cost $7K+.  It's 2016 and to me it seems I am not asking for much. Please correct me if I am wrong. Does a consumer-level MFP/all-in-one like this exist, and if it doesn't, do you think it will in the future?  P.S. I am aware of the Xerox story with JBIG2 compression and number substitution; I am not sure whether that has sunk JBIG2's boat. If that did, it would be unfair, because JBIG2 is great for lossless monochrome compression.
Looking to upgrade my Computer which is used for Gaming, Image editing, Audio capture, Video editing & Recording.  Current hardware:     Processor: Intel Core i7-4771 Quad Core Socket LGA 1150 Processor      Motherboard: Gigabyte GA-H87N-WIFI, Intel H87 MiniITX, Socket 1150      Ram: 8GB DDR3 1600mhz       Hard Drive: Seagate 2 TB Desktop 3.5 Internal SSHD       Graphics Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 GPU, MSI ARMOR 2X Overclocked Edition       Case: Zalman Z7       Power Supply: 550W Modular Powercool Black PSU 80 Plus 12cm Fan SATA Power      Microphone: Blue Microphones Nessie USB Microphone      Capture Card: Hauppauge HD PVR 2 gaming edition   I am thinking of upgrading the Motherboard, Memory or adding a small SSD as a boot drive.  Would a different motherboard better the performance of the CPU or GPU?  Would faster, larger memory make a difference?  Is there anything else I should consider?  Budget: I upgrade part-by-part over time so budget isn't so much an issue but for each purchase I'd be looking at £100-£150.   Thank you for your time.
I spend a lot of my waking hours typing on a keyboard. Now I look for an additional input device, that would allow me to shift some work from my hands to some other part of my body, to   remove strain from my hands allow me to type faster   I am a heavy emacs user and thus use a lot of keyboard chords, where I need to press Ctrl and/or Alt quite often (probably more often than any other key on the keyboard except for Space).  I tried pedals that are use for audio transcription (where the pedal is used to pause/unpause the audio recording), but those proved not suitable for quick on/off action. I need to have comparable speed to my left little finger, which I just measured to be at 5 press+release per second.  Does anyone have experience with any low-latency input devices that fit my requirements? I would be happy it if would allow me to control just one key.
I'm building a system to track school buses that would provide real time updates about the whereabouts of the bus for the students on a mobile app. So I'm looking for a GPS device. Following would be my ideal requirements,   Cheap but Reliable  No screens  Program/Configure via USB; Developer friendly  Accepts a sim card for data connection Sends latitude and longitude data at predefined interval a. either directly to my server (preferred), b. or its manufacturer's with good API for me to work on.   Could someone please recommend me a device that would fit my purposes.
I'm a serious gamer and I'm looking at high end graphics cards.  I know that the new R9 Fury (and Fury X) feature HBM which is supposedly good for 4K gaming. I currently use 4 1080p monitors connected to my desktop.  Is there an advantage to picking the Fury cards over, say, a GTX 980? Especially given that I do not game at 4K, but I do use several monitors.  Furthermore, I currently have a Gigabyte GTX 970, will I see any significant performance boost?
I'm comparing those two models of ASRock B85M, trying to find which one is the best.  Let's take a tour: http://www.asrock.com/mb/compare.it.asp?SelectedModel=B85M+Pro4&SelectedModel=B85M-ITX  I'm stucked because I found that Pro4 has more RAM slot (4), with max 32GB; ITX only 2 max 16GB. Pro4 has also more PCI slot. The real different is that ITX got also 1xeSata port. I thought that Pro4 was really better than ITX, but still find ITX $30 more.  What am I missing?  I need to make a simple home server, using Intel Pentium G3258 and Saphire  HD5750. Another question: is better g3460 with lower GPU feature than g3258? I'll use the saphire for graphic.  Thanks
This might sound strange but the setup is as follows. Raspberry Pi with very high quality sound card is a music centre. Tv/Projector with bluetooth and aptx support.   Maybe another way to put it would be, are there any bidirectional aptx dongles ?
I have a friend who wants to compose music on his computer, and I plan to buy him an electronic keyboard for his birthday. The problem is, I don't have much of an idea of how to pick a high quality electronic keyboard. These are my guidelines.   Space does not matter, he has plenty of desk space, so more keys is better Keys must be full sized or at least close. He plays the piano already and doesn't want to have to relearn anything I would like to keep the cost of this peripheral under $50. (I am willing to go over, but not to a ridiculous degree.)
I am an experienced programmer with very little hardware experience, and completely overwhelmed with the unlimited number of choices available.  Since technology changes so rapidly, it's very difficult to Google up a guide that is both timely and relevant for what I'd like to do.  The best blog I've seen so far is this one, but it's already a few years old now.  I currently have several KVM/VirtualBox VMs on my Debian laptop.  It is extremely slow, and I can't run more than 1 VM at a time (or 2 with the second having a very small memory/processor footprint).  I'd like to replace my laptop with a tower-based server for running these VM images, so I can remote in from any device on my LAN.  My line of thinking is that I can get a lot more power into a larger enclosure for less money than an equivalent laptop would cost, with the possibility of upgrading down the line.  Here's the basic idea of what I'd like:   Spend less than or equal to $1,500 US, tax included Install a hypervisor as the "main" OS (suggestions welcome as to which; was thinking of vSphere or KVM) Be able to run at least 2-3 Windows/Linux VMs simultaneously for development and testing Upgrade-able processor/memory would be nice, if possible Good performance for compiling large applications (noting that parallel computing is used in GCC/msbuild compilation) - developing both Web and desktop software Lots of RAM, which is used by compilation processes and VMs   So it should be kind of like a "home lab", but mainly used for professional development work.  I found some pre-built Lenovo servers on Amazon, and almost bought one, but I am second guessing myself in terms of what exactly to get.  Where to start? Build or buy? How to get started picking the right components (e.g. motherboard, drive, processor)?  I know my way around the inside of a computer... I can replace parts, etc., so building a server is not out of the question--  but unfortunately I don't know how to pick "the best" parts.  My last few laptop picks have been flops.  EDIT:  Here's an example of a sample workload that I might want to have. As a personal interest, I might want to compile AOSP (android) in a Linux image. That eats up a lot of RAM and a lot of CPU. While that's happening, I'm working on professional windows development in a 2nd VM w/Visual Studio. It's not graphic intensive, but I'd be compiling regularly, which, employs parallelism. There would also a web server running in a third VM that would be serving REST requests for testing purposes, related to the development work.  EDIT 2:  I'm overwhemed with the massive amount of choice when it comes to hardware. I'd like some advice from experts on (a) whether it's better to build or buy pre-built, and (b) how to get started picking something that is a good quality build, and upgradeable in terms of RAM (and possibly CPU). What are good sources for getting this type of information? There is so much information out there, it's hard to tell what's reliable and what's misleading. I don't care if it's a pre-built server, or if it's DIY, so long as it is good quality.
I'm looking for an external power supply to power raw SATA disks. The catch is I want a high quality, well-built supply.  There's plenty of supplies on Amazon, eBay, etc. that convert AC power to a 4-pin Molex which can then be easily converted to SATA power. The problem is that it seems that almost all of these are cheap bottom-barrel (Chinese) supplies that feel like a cheap plastic toy. I took a chance and ordered two different ones from Amazon and both times they were so frail and got EXTREMELY hot (enough to make the melting-hot-plastic smell eminate into the room) from running a standard SATA drive - these things seemed like fire hazards!! I'm not willing to risk this again until I can find a supply which is from a reputable electronics manufacturer...  I've purchased external enclosures in the past which come with very high quality, well built supplies that feel rock solid and run cool and smooth. They clearly output +5/+12 on a 4-pin mini-DIN. I want a supply like that but with a Molex end (which is easily converted to SATA). I'm not a solderer or anything so finding and modifying one of these isn't an option right now.  Obviously I'm willing to pay a reasonable premium for a quality supply. You do get what you pay for - the Amazon supplies I tried were all $10 and under, but going above that, you start getting into full ATX PSU territory and weeding out actual supplies like
I would like to make it more convenient to access the rear panel if my computer, by connecting an extension cord with many ports (preferably 2 or 4). The problem is that I only find USB hubs (which are connected to only one port in a computer). My intention is to avoid reducing the speed, therefore, I'm looking for something that connects one port in a "hub" to one port in a rear panel. Does anyone know such a thing?
When I built my PC a year ago, I bought a really cheap case. It did not have USB 3.0 or audio on the front panel, and I regret it now. I already have new case fans for the thing, and it runs quietly, but I really do want a new case.  The case I want:   Black and/or red, to match the rest of the build Has a case window on the side Has support for 2 or more 5 and 1/2 inch drives Has front facing USB 3.0 and Audio Costs less than $60 Supports full ATX motherboard and Power Supply Is large enough 12.5 inch graphics card Has cable management at least somewhat in mind Is wide enough to support the Hyper 212 Evo CPU cooler If a cover goes over the front of the case, the hinge must be on the right side I do not need decent fans, as I have 4 red and very quiet corsair fans Optional If possible, I would love support for USB type C, although my motherboard only has 3.0 headers, so an adapter would be needed
What small small 4k monitors are available that are less than 24 inches?  The smaller and more affordable the better.   Less than (i.e. not including) 24 inch nominal size (a 23.8 inch diagonal is a "24 inch" display) Minimum 4k (3840x2160) resolution No constraint on aspect ratio Available to consumers now or some time in the past (could buy used) Include a price if available Manufacturer links please   I know of these:   Astro 9.6in 4k - 3840x2160 IBM T220/T221 - 3840×2400 (WQUXGA),    A related question has been asked, but requested specific and larger sizes: High DPI 21“ or 23 monitor for 13" MacBook Pro
The HP EliteBook 820 G3 manual states that either a hard drive or a SSD might be installed (page 36). And not both at the same time. Thus, as-is, one can't install two SSD modules in that machine.  The reason: apparently, the SSD connector is right there where the (SSD) SATA disk drive would be placed.  I guess, if one really wants to install a 2nd SSD (in addition to the SSD that occupies the mSATA slot, cf. page 39) one could try following options:   install a very slim SSD with SATA connector install a SSD into the WWAN slot (possibly also needs to be slim)   For both options, I need hardware recommendations.  And perhaps some details, e.g. how the WWAN slot is actually called (mini PCIe?), what modules are compatible (mSata?) and how slim a module would have to be.  Preferably, the SSD module should come from Intel or be of comparable quality.    Here is a combination of the drawings from page 36 and 39 of the manual showing the same drive bay for better visualization of the problem:
CPU info           Name: Intel Pentium G2030     Code Name: Ivy Bridge     Generation: 3rd     Core frequency: ~3GHz     Cores, Threads: 2, 2     Max TDP: 55W     Graphics: Intel HD Graphics      I know very well it's a low-end CPU. I can't play high graphics games. Actually I can, but I need to minimize the graphics settings. These are the settings I usually set:     Resolution: 960x720(4:3) or 1024x576(16:9), [Native Resolution: 1920x1080]   FPS: 30   Refresh Rate: 60   Fullscreen: ON   VSync: OFF   Texture Quality: MEDIUM   HDR Filter: OFF   Shadow Quality: LOW (if "OFF" isn't in the option)   Motion Blur: OFF   Glare Level: OFF   Depth of Field: OFF   FXAA: ON   As you can see, I will turn it off or select "low" if there are more options. My motherboard is made for Intel 3rd generation core i7/i5/i3/pentium/celeron processors. I would like to have suggestions about which processors I should buy without over the budget. I'm a completely idiot to hardwares btw.  Budget: $200 (max. $250)  I want to stick with my current motherboard, and I want the best processor for gaming that I can effort.
I have 6x320GB HDD and I was considering to create a RAID 5 system (it's for storage only).  I use Ubuntu 14.04 and I want to ask what RAID controller card allows for 6 (or more) ports without requiring too much configuration under Linux-Ubuntu.  As said, the goal would be to be able to use all 6 drives in a RAID 5 system.  I'm looking for a PCI, PCI-X, or PCIe card with hardware RAID 5 support and SATA or SAS connectors.  My overall budget is around $100.
I need to produce C++ code binaries to be used on a cluster with Xeon E5 2600 v3 dual-socket nodes. For confidentiality reasons the binaries can only be compiled locally so we have to build a smaller workstation to support compiling and binary testing. For cost reasons it's preferable to build a single-socket machine and use the absolute cheapest CPU that can produce compatible binaries. I thought of Xeon E3 v3 CPUs since the code uses MPI and no OpenMP so there would not be issues with thread and rank pinning. Can other Intel CPUs be used as well?   Someone even suggested doing it on a virtual machine but I have reservations about it.  Thanks...
I'm building a slim PC around a mini ITX motherboard, which should pack enough CUDA power with a low price. I came into the conclusion that GTX 750 Ti is a good choice (OK performance, low price, low heat generation).  The slimness I plan to achieve using a 90 degree PCI-e riser card (similar to http://www.ebay.com/itm/PCI-Express-16x-Riser-Card-90-degree-Right-angle-4cm-Adapter-Card-2U-/170914230015)  However, the problem is that I don't know if the GPU will fit a specific motherboard with a specific CPU cooler and if the RAM modules will interfere. Is the 750 Ti a reasonable choice and is there a difference between different manufacturers? Or should I look into some slimmer options? I am building a custom case, so PSU and SSD can be placed anywhere, even outside the motherboard's area.
I hate large smartphones. Currently, I use the iPhone 4S, but it's starting to show its age, having become more and more unusable with recent iOS updates.  I am looking for an Android phone with the following characteristics:   High build quality (metal + glass) At most as large as the iPhone 4S (115.2 mm x 58.6 mm x 9.3 mm), preferably even smaller, especially thinner   Having vanilla Google Android on it rather than some botched manufacturer version with manufacturer apps would be a nice bonus.
I find that on my MacBook, I am much less likely to hit wrong keys than on any Windows PC I have ever used. The number pad and especially num lock are crimes against humanity, comparable to Francisco Solano López; lack of them has to help. This in turn means that the MacBook has fewer keys, and the space between them is greater. That has to help, too. Beyond that, I'm not sure what the causes are. Any suggestions, or, for that matter, insight? The keyboard has to be built into the computer, not an add-on.  EDIT: I'm a developer. I would expect to spend 1-2K. 16GB RAM is a very good thing. I would hope to use it heavily for 4 years or so. I would want to be able to open up (say) two VS solutions, SSMS, Notepad, SourceTree, Task Manager, Command prompt and two browsers without seriuosly degrading performance. A big screen is a very good thing.
I always keep my phone in my room and go to watch TV so I end up missing calls. I don't want to keep the phone with me all times and still get some sort of notification about a call or message I am getting while being anywhere else in the house. Is there any device that my phone can pair with using Bluetooth or WiFi such that that phone is in my room while the device is in the TV room and will ring if I get a call and I can probably attend the call on that device itself with optional features like number display, making calls, contacts, messages, 3.5 mm port, etc?
I just built a new gaming computer.  It's a skylake build with the i7 6700k, Asus Maximus viii hero, and some g.skill ram (32gb).    I'm about to buy a new video card, and I've been looking over the options for a couple of weeks.  I've decided that I want to spend between $650 and $700 and get a 980ti.  This turned out to be a pretty large point of contention in the forums I've been looking through, so I figured I'd check here.  In the benchmarks I've looked at, I've seen pretty good comparisons here and here between the Asus Strix OC, Gigabyte G1 Gaming, MSI Gaming 6G, EVGA SC.  I've narrowed it down to the Asus Strix OC, MSI Gaming 6G, and adding in the Gigabyte Xtreme.    Based on different reviews, I decided on the Strix at one point, but I keep seeing people complain about their heatsink not touching their processor.  I've had a couple of bad experiences with Gigabyte products, so the xtreme makes me a little nervous.  And the MSI Gaming clashes terribly with my mobo/case (also, it's the least powerful of the three cards chosen).  Any advice on how to decide?  I know they are all amazing cards, and there probably isn't a wrong choice, but this is my first REAL gaming rig, and don't want any regrets.  I'm loving the cpu/mobo so far, and really want to stay happy.  Feel free to throw any other card in that price range at me, and I'll look into it.  Any advice is welcome.    Side Note  This really shouldn't be a side note, but I'll be using this computer for general use.  I will do some amount of game development on it, but not much, and some general programming, but the video card is obviously so I can get max settings on any game I want for a while.    Edit1  In order to make this less opinion based, I've changed the actual question. I know I want the Strix because of how fantastic its performance in benchmarks is, but I'm worried about the past problems with their heatsink.  Does anyone know if Asus has fixed the problem with the Strix cards?  If no one knows, I think I'd rather go with the Gigabyte Xtreme, to avoid having to send a card back.
I am looking for some hardware that   analyzes the quality of I²C signals   voltage data signal quality (quality of the rectangle) clock signal quality (quality of the rectangle) potentially other things as defined by I²C (I'm not too familiar yet)  shows the data transmitted on the I²C bus   bus monitor (just the hex values) data extractor (interpret the hex values, e.g. separate address from data)    This could be 2 separate tools or an all-in-one tool. For both, it would be great if there's a connection to the PC (e.g. via USB) so that I can easily generate test report documents, store the data or forward to someone else.  I have no budget restriction at the moment, since I have to request the budget.  Power users/moderators: are there better tags? I could not find i2c, bus-monitor, protocol-analyzer, sniffer - but I still think this question is on topic since it is an electronic item, connects to a PC and can perform meaningful tasks.
This CPU is for a gaming system under a tight budget. However, there is no need for an integrated GPU. In my current state, I am looking for the best AMD CPU available to buy. It can be any socket, as a new motherboard is needed anyway.  So my question is, what is the best value AMD chip under $70 for performance and value.
I have a Samsung Galaxy Y, which is an older smartphone with Android 2,3 gingerbread. Due to some battery issues, I need to buy a new phone.  At this moment I have two options:  Buy a NEW Xiami RedMi 2 Pro phone which has a warranty and all other benefits (case, earphones, promotional price, property card). Price: 149 USD.  Buy a USED Galaxy S4 which has a better price and better specs than the Xiaomi. Price: 115 USD.  Even though the specs on the S4 are better than Xiaomi, I still have some doubts. The S4 was released in 2013 and has been used since September 2015.  This question isn't intended to create a debate, is more to help me to make a decision. Any help would be appreciated.
Preferably one that is wireless and connects via a small usb dongle.   Think of a gaming mouse. It has programmable buttons - you can program macros.  Say you're using a windows 10 or 8.1 tablet. And say your specific tablet stylus does not have programmable buttons.   What is your best bet?
I'm going to get me a new Hardware/Software-system for my development. The project I'm currently in has about 60 sub-projects which are of type WPF, Server/Client, WCF, Rest-API and simple class-libraries.  My (hardware) needs are the following:   14 or 15 inch display minimum 8GB RAM i5/i7 processor 500GB HDD (may also be an hybrid drive with 8GB SSD) 27 inch Monitor (Wide Quad HD / 2560 x 1440) Dell @amazon USB-Docking-Station DockingStation @amazon   My (software)-requirements are the following:   Windows 10 Pro x64 Visual Studio 2015 Pro + latest ReSharper (currently V10) latest Office (Standard)   I'm going to spend at maximum 2,500€. What would be a good choice? Can I handle a second monitor with this Docking-Station? One directly connected to the laptop and one over the dock?  I've looking for something like this @amazon, but I'm pretty sure that I do need some additional old-school HDD (maybe external) to not crash the SSD with all my builds.
I'm really confused buying a new monitor for me. I spend A LOT of time gaming (cs:go, bf4 and dota 2 mostly), programming and surfing and my current monitor (ASUS VS248H 24") sitting at 1 meter, causes a lot of problems to me. This monitor is just "a medium monitor" and nothing else. Currently my GPU works great at MAX settings even in bf4 which is a heavy game. Now I'm looking forward buying a new monitor and I have an dilemma.  The question is: Should I buy again 1080p but a really great and larger monitor or buy a "medium 1440p monitor" at the same price as 1080p? Because I don't really know if my GPU can handle or strungle 1440p for gaming! Of course I'm searching for a bigger one (minimum 25 inches, preferred 27+).  My hardware parts:   CPU: i7 4790k + Hyper evo 212 MOBO: Asus z-97 pro gamer GPU: Asus gtx960 strix 2GB RAM: 16gb G.Skill 2400 XMP CASE: Phanteks enthoo luxe PSU: Corsair RM750 Gold
Looking for the lowest-power laptop possible, for use off grid powered by a very small solar array. My Yoga 2 11 draws 14 watts at idle (or what I would call idle, anyway). Five watts would be better. Four would be better still. Etc.  Should be a real laptop (not tablet) with a real keyboard (not chiclet). I watch videos on it, but other than that no heavy lifting. I have looked at the EnergyStar listings, found them difficult to use, and am unsure how to compare their numbers with my real-life experience.  Specific recommendations are welcome. So are general principles, e.g. which types of components are most energy efficient. I assume that SSDs are better than spinning disks, and passive cooling better than fans. Beyond that I have no idea--e.g., which types of display, memory, power supply, etc. are best.  Many thanks.
I'm looking for external sound card up to $100 because I'm using build on MSI Z87i Gaming AC (or can I use internal sound card on this motherboard ?)   I will be using it to gaming and music with 2.0 speakers for about $100 but I don't know which I will buy, yet (separate question).  I was thinking about:   ASUS Xonar U5 - $70 Prodigy Cube Black Edition - $90   Which product should I choose or maybe you have other more intresting propositions ?
I'm looking for new 2.0 speakers (actually I'm using Creative T40 Series I).  Why change ? - My actual speakers are 7-8 years old and I think that they are not playing so good like at the begining, so I want to change them for new one.  Criteria:   active speakers stereo, two speaker system price: ~100$ (maximum $150 but it has to be explained why it is better choice than ~$100 speakers) usage: gaming, listening pop/rock music important features: clear sound, hearable bass, volume control on speaker   What am I looking for ? - I'm looking for speakers with the best sound quality in this price range.  My ideas and other recommendations:  Around $100:   Edifier R1600TIII - $105 Microlab Solo 6C New - $115 Logitech Z150 - $23 - recommended by Journeyman Geek (but I think it's not what I'm looking for)   Up to $150:   Edifier R1700BT - $125 Microlab Solo 7C New - $152 M-Audio AV42 - $148 - recommended by Journeyman Geek (AV-40 not available in my country)   Looking for advice if I can find anything better in this price range.
Connecting two USB2 devices to an external USB2/3 HUB, connected to one USB2/3 port would normally limit the average read-speed to 240 Mb/s, and continuing adding devices would limit the average speed to 480Mb/s divided by number of devices.   The same would be if I use a USB controller card on the mainboard of most computers, as they are normally implemented using only one USB channels.  I guess the solution for handling eight devices in full speed is to get USB controller(s) that is implemented using eight dedicated channels to handle the speed of all of the devices.  It does exist an USB controller card that are able to handle full speed of four USB 3.0 devices (PEXUSB3S44V). Four two of these the total would cost about $255 here in Norway. As I do not need the speed of USB 2.0 this price is a bit to much.  Are there any other alternatives that would handle 8 or 2*4 USB 2.0 drives at full speed to a cheaper price than $255?
Will THIS GPU: http://www.amazon.com/EVGA-GeForce-750Ti-GDDR5-Graphics/dp/B00IDG3IDO, fit my PC: http://support.hp.com/us-en/document/c04803166?  I know my PC has PCI express 3.0, which I think that gpu needs. If not, what's a good GPU thats around ~$120 that's compatible? And what PSU will I need?  If that doesn't fit, here are some requirements if u want to suggest something: - Must support my PC(ofc) - Must be able to run Minecraft at 60~ fps at medium settings - No intel. - It must be $130 or below - It must be able to run Cities Skylines at 10~ fps at medium settings
Ok so I am going to be building a smart home using a small Raspberry possibly but I needed some recommendations! I hope this is the right place to post. But basically here is what i was thinking:  Possibly use a Relay Switch to control the lights in my room, but use a transmitter and receiver to make it go on and off using the Raspberry Pi. But i am not sure exactly HOW to do it. What would the layout be or the schematics?  Thank you everyone for helping!
I am not an electrical engineer. I am a software developer. Currently I have to create a program that allows users to schedule TV programs for a TV station.   When I visited the station I encountered (for the first time in my life) a metal box that has 3 pairs of composite inputs, and a single output. It's a typical RCA Audio and Video Switcher. It has no serial number, no brand, it's a plain metal box that almost seems handmade.   A requirement is for the program to switch between the three composite inputs in that metal box programmatically. Because the previous developing team is no longer active, there is zero documentation for that project. There is no source code, there is nothing.   My question is: is there a manufactured RCA Audio Video switcher that (out of the box) allows me to switch between inputs through software (Node-Webkit) ?   I have searched but all the results I have come up with are for users to manually switch inputs with either a remote controller or physical switch (in the form of a stick or wheel) located in the switcher itself.
I am looking for an interior temperature and humidity logger that meets the following requirements:   Log access via WiFi or wired ethernet. USB not acceptable. Ability to store at least 48 hours of data if no connection available. Sampling rate every 1 hour or faster. Multiple devices can be used on same network / with same PC. Temperature accuracy at least +/- 0.5C. Relative humidity accuracy at least +/- 1%. Temperature range at least -10C to +40C. Windows or Linux compatibility. Under $50.   Some sacrifice in accuracy may be OK if necessary to keep the cost down. Barometric pressure would be a nice-to-have but not required.  The following things do not matter:   Battery vs. wall power. Battery life. Wall-mount vs. anything else. Log viewing can be with proprietary software, no standard protocols or storage formats needed.   I am also open to suggestions for reliable components for a DIY solution.  I found this device, which has almost all of the features I am looking for aside from humidity accuracy (+/- 2.5%), except it is currently $159.50 USD ($140.80 minimum cost from random small vendors on Google) and has terrible Amazon reviews (that appears to be the TH+ higher temperature accuracy model but I have a hunch the hardware quality is similar).  I am finding that the network access requirement is severely limiting options.
I'm reaching the limits of my old Notebook, since it only has a GeForce 630M and I want to use it for a bit of gaming, too. It's kinda  sad, because the i7-2670QM still does the job quite well...  I'm thinking about buying a new one, but I'd like to have a nice graphics card that does it's job without beeing too expensive. So what is the graphics card (I prefer Nvidia, but if AMD has something way better I would also consider using it) with the best Price-performance ratio?  Requirements:   Laptop GPU available in normal sized Notebooks (I don't want a monster, it should still be portable) at least 1 HDMI output at least 2 outputs in sum, preferable VGA  able to be used for games on the market right now (not high settings, just playable - my current 630M doesn't even manage 5 FPS for Rise of the Tomb Raider on lowest settings) I don't want to spend mroe than 1k€ for the full system (or rather I can't afford T.T), and since I also want an i7 and a good amount of RAM, the GPU itself mustn't be too expensive    If you have suggestions for a full system, this would be nice, too, but the question aims to give me a overview of Graphic Cards which would meet my requirements. Afterwards I'll search for a new Notebook with one of these built in.    I just had a quick look into the comparison site suggested by Adrian, an found the GeForce GTX 775M - this would be, from the performance aspect, top notch. I don'T even know how the price range is, and if this is available in non-gaming-notebooks (meaning normal sized cases), but anyway - this performance would be awesome.  For the lower bound I'd name the GeForce GTX 580M - it shouldn't be much less performance than this, else I don't think buying a new notebook is really worth it.
I have a great desktop with one big flaw, very few USB ports and one type c port. I just need a hub that lets me access this type c from a more easy to reach location and also want more USB 3 ports. I've been searching online and I've either found $60+ or very cheap looking hubs. Any help?
I am sitting here with the following specs:   Case: Sharkoon REX8 Value Edition Black Motherboard: Gigabyte GA-970-UD3 CPU: AMD FX-8320 CPU cooler: Thermalright Macho 120   When I first ordered my computer, I didn't think too much of upgrading but now I do. I wanted to install additional RAM, however, I noticed that the CPU cooler is too big and is effectively blocking my RAM slots.  (More specifically, the cooler blocks the first slot. Slot number two, three and four are free so I can place three RAM sticks at a maximum. Nevertheless I want to take advantage of the Dual Channel ability of my motherboard so I want to get 4x4 running and not 2x4 and 1x8.)  It would be nice if the new cooler is small enough to free up my RAM slot and also is suitable to overclock my AMD to 4.0 GHz.  Money doesn't pose a problem here.  If you need pictures or additional information, I am more than happy to share some.
Is there a tactile tabletop flat square ridge-forming display that would, upon receiving input from a computer, display the shape of a character or ideogram from an alphabet thus allowing a blind person to quickly understand the shape of such a character or ideogram? (Think about the 8,000 or so Chinese ideograms whose shape one could want to quickly learn.)
I have an external battery pack, for my phone. But I just bought a Raspberry Pi, and would like to create a UPS - fairly cheaply.    I tried charging my phone and charging the pack with this one but it stops charging the device when it's receiving power.  Are there any that can do this?
I dropped my Nexus 5 because it was so large, it was perilous to handle with one hand (whenever a notification comes, swiping from the top is a pain).  I am looking for a phone with these strong requirements:   Shorter than 13 cm in length, the smaller the better Rootable Hardware is usable with alternative Android distributions (this excludes makers that DRM the camera and make it work only with maker-provided apps, for instance) Able to run the latest Android version LTE or better At least 16 GB of storage   Bonus for a good rear-facing camera. Bonus for open spirit (à la Fairphone, Nexus)  Plastic is OK. If not commercially available, second-hand is OK.  (20% similar question)
I would like to choose a new laptop and then run host OS (Win, Linux) and as many virtual machines as possible (Debian with DE, 384-512MB, for simple users, just to log in and check their emails via web browser).  I found these Intel processors and would like to know which one is the best for my need (how many VMs can I run on these processors)?  i5-5200U  i5-6200U  i7-5500U  i7-6500U  i7-6700HQ  my musts:   Intel can run many VM's (10 or 20) costs as little as possible good threads:cores ratio
After some research I am inclined towards using an Intel NUC. But considering that there is only one SATA port and an mSATA port (I think), is there any way to add more storage to the NUC?   If not is there another device I can use which offers more storage options?  The features I like to have are: 1. Small form factor 2. The low power consumption 3. Good CPU power 4. Support for 3 or more hard disks (not looking for RAID but for something like snapRAID or unRAID with sufficient fault tolerance)  Intel NUC qualifies points 1 to 3 above.
I am planning to get the MSI GE62 Apache Pro 15.6 FHD i7-6700HQ 8GB 1TB GTX970M 3GB laptop. I also want to get an extra 128GB of SSD (so I'll have a hybrid of 1TB HDD + 128GB SSD).  The problem is that I've never done something like this and I have no idea what to buy. I'm afraid of getting something which is not even compatible with the device, so I'm asking for your help. This is where I will buy my SSD.   Must be compatible with the laptop specified Available in, or shippable to, Lithuania 128 GB or more (preferably without paying any more, obviously).    Please help me on deciding which one to buy.
I am looking for a router whose built in firmware can ensure QoS such that if one user is say downloading torrents (completely hogging up the bandwidth) it will slow his speed down to the point that others' ping will stay low. This is to ensure that if someone is playing an online game (where RTT is essential), to them it will be as if nothing has happened as their ping will not shoot up.  Do note that I do not want any per application/port setup as there are many ways to hog the bandwidth (not just torrents) and there are many games as well and it will get arduous to configure each thing separately.  This functionality definitely exists in an open source router firmware called Gargoyle (the feature is called MinimizeRTT). I am using this currently and it works like a charm.  My real reason for asking this question is that there must be at least one big router company that thought that this would be a good idea, especially when working code is available openly by Gargoyle.  This question is for a router that supports this out of the box (buying one with pre-installed custom firmware doesn't count!). Can anyone point me to a router that has this functionality without needing to install custom firmware?
I want to gather data from multiple sensors, make simple operations on them (like store last samples in a buffer, calculate moving average, etc.) and send them to the Internet of Things cloud using WiFi. Which MCU should I use for this purpose?  Constraints:   Cost: cheaper than $25 Size: smaller than the Arduino Uno Storage: more than 1KB non-volatile memory Interfaces: I2C, serial, WiFi Computing power: supports TCP/IP stack, ideally with TLS Security: some kind of encryption
My motherboard is a 945GCT-M2/1333 (V1.0A). It only has one PCI-E slot and integrated Intel® Graphics (GMA950) (it's bad, but in no way I want worse). The CPU is Intel® Celeron E1200 and the PC has 2GB RAM.  I've got two VGA monitors, one is currently hooked up to the PC, but I also wish to use the second one. But I could get a used DVI monitor, but that would probably cost me a bit too much in addition to the graphics card so I'd seriously rather not.  Basically any video card that can handle two monitors at 1280x1024 and won't bottleneck the system overall would do. But it has to work under Ubuntu 15.10 64bit properly.  I'll repeat for clarity that there are two VGA displays, the motherboard only supports PCI Express x16 v1.1, it can not be a downgrade and it has to be supported well under Ubuntu 15.10. That means only a small range of cards is left.
I'm trying to help my mom replace her ancient laptop with a new laptop + external keyboard and monitor.  For use mostly at home in one spot, so this would let us not care so much about a new laptop's form factor.  Use: MS Access / Excel, web, email.  So a gaming keyboard isn't needed.  Requirements:   no number pad.  Reaching far to the side of the alphabetic keys to get to the mouse is a problem.  My mom had a RSI shoulder issue from awkward mousing a few years ago, so we think it's important. ctrl key in the bottom-left corner, not some stupid Fn key: I bought one cheap compact keyboard to test-drive the external-keyboard idea.  The braindead layout was a showstopper.  The more sane the layout, the better.  (Screenshots of the current laptop keyboard are in that link above.  It's nice.) similar "feel" to a normal laptop keyboard, so it's not jarring to go between internal and external keyboard.  I don't think mechanical switches would be a plus.   Bonus:   built-in pointing device: for simple mouse movements, not reaching for the mouse at all saves wear and tear on the shoulder.  She does sometimes use the trackpad on her laptop instead of the external mouse in this case. Nice layout of the arrow keys is a plus, so alt+left / alt+right can be pressed easily with one hand.   This keyboad is the kind of thing I'm looking for.    Most external keyboards with built-in pointing devices have number pads, or are weird in some way.  For example, the ADESSO ACK-540UW pictured above has really cramped ctrl/capslock keys, and the backquote / ~ key is in a weird place.  I can't even make out the marking on the bottom-left corner key from that image, so I'm not even sure that's a ctrl key.  Wired or wireless is fine.  Combo with a mouse is a disadvantage, but not a critical one.  I'm interested in options at any price range, although it would have to be really amazing to spend over 100$ on.  (We're in Canada, so online retailers can generally get most stuff that's available in the US.)    I've considered just finding a laptop with an internal keyboard that would work well for daily use, but laptops without number pads are typically 14" screens or smaller.  This question is just asking for external keyboard recommendations; the off-topic stuff about laptops is just background.
Our small company needs server capable of running several virtualized machines using both linux and windows guest systems. The chosen host OS is Hyper-V Server 2012 R2 (to be upgraded to Hyper-V Server 2016 as soon after RTM is released). At least 4 drives in raid 10 are required, ideally expandable to 8 drives in the future. We have budget of about 5500€.  We've compared some options and currently we are thinking about following configuration from Lenovo:  Server specification:  Processor: Intel® Xeon® E5-2620 v3 (6C, 85W, 2.4GHz) Hard Drive Bays: 8 Hard Drive Type: 2.5" HS Hard Drive Included: none Memory Included: 8GB DDR4-2133MHz (1Rx4) RDIMM Memory Slots Total / Available: 16 / 15 Pre-Loaded OS: none RAID Supported: 0,1,10 Power: 750W Platinum Management: none Warranty: 1 Year   Included parts:  1x Intel® Xeon® E5-2620 v3 (6C, 85W, 2.4GHz) 1x 8 GB DDR4-2133MHz (1Rx4) RDIMM 1x ThinkServer RAID 500 Adapter (0,1,10) 1x ThinkServer RD350 x16 PCIe Riser 1 Kit 2x 1GbE ports plus dedicated management port 1x 750W Platinum Power Supply 1x Slide Rail Kit 1x Slim DVD-RW   Addons:  1x 4XG0F28846   Lenovo ThinkServer RD350 Intel Xeon E5-2620 v3 (6C, 85W, 2.4GHz) Processor 3x 4X70F28589   Lenovo ThinkServer 8GB DDR4-2133MHz (1Rx4) RDIMM 4x 4XB0G88736   Lenovo ThinkServer Gen 5 2.5" 1.2TB 10K Enterprise SAS 12Gbps Hot Swap Hard Drive   What is your opinion on this configuration? And more importantly, is there anything missing? For instance - this configuration is running two processors - is the 750W power supply enough?
I have five audio sources at a remote location. I want to be able to virtualize them over Ethernet and then be able to listen to them remotely over a LAN.  In an ideal world, I picture a piece of equipment which accept audio inputs and has an Ethernet connection.  Then I'd need to have a driver on the remote PC end which could interface to that piece of hardware. It would allow me to select which audio stream I want to listen to and would make it available to the Operating System as a virtual sound card. This is essential so that I can continue using my existing audio software (which is expecting live input from a mic or line-in).
I'm looking for internal fan controller which will meet my requirements:   internal (I want to put it inside my case) set fan speeds based on GPU & CPU temperature it has to control at least four 3-pin fans price: under 50$   My proposition: NZXT GRID+V2   Is there any good alternative for NZXT GRID+V2 ? Maybe you can suggest some other cheaper/better solutions ?
I am currently trying to upgrade my rather outdated (but reliable :) ) PC without spending very much money at all. I have these two similar graphics cards in my possession right now.  EAH4350 Silent  EAX1550/TD/256  As you can see both cards are similar, yet the second one has half the video memory and double the effective memory size of the first?  My question is, what is effective memory, how does it relate to video memory and/or the performance of the card? (And to be extremely general, which card will run Skyrim better?)  ** Basic specs on my PC **   CPU: Intel core2 duo @ 2.8GHz RAM: ddr2-1066 4GB (2X2 GB) OS:  Windows xp sp3 GPU: Currently have the EAH4350 Silent installed
So I'm looking for a computer to learn game development on, that should cover the following bases:   Have either a 15.6 or 17.3" screen (not sure which would be better for me, but no less than 15.6") Have a decent GPU (most likely GTX 960m) Have a decent CPU (prob. 5th/6th gen intel i7, most I looked at had the 6700HQ) Have either 16GB ram or 8GB with the option of upgrading to 16GB Have an IPS panel either good battery life or some way to charge without a wall socket e.g. USB 3.1 with reversible power. not be incredibly expensive (800-1k$)   (I'm willing to compromise on a count or two if it's a better choice overall)  after a lot of searching I actually found a few that covered my bases, except the last one (battery life). since by definition powerful laptops require more power, most of the rigs I looked at didn't have amazing battery time. knowing this I looked for ones with USB 3.1-C ports thinking I could charge them via power bank. but after settling on the  ASUS GL552VW/GL752VW, I found out that it does NOT support the PD 2.0 standard meaning it's useless for charging and I would be limited to the lackluster ~4hr battery.  So, that being said- here are some of the laptops I've considered so far:   Dell Inspiron i7559-2512BLK ASUS ROG GL752VW-DH71 (17" version)   Any recommendations or general input would be more than welcome!  P.S. - I know a desktop would be better for my purposes, but that's not a relevant option for me at the moment.
I run a 'Humans of' Facebook page, which involves me interviewing people on the street and taking photos of them.   Till now I've been using a voice recording app on my phone to record the conversation.   The problem I've been having is that often with the traffic and other ambient noise, it's hard to make out the conversation when I playback the recording later.   I'm thinking that a bluetooth microphone might help solve this. Either by placing the microphone in their hand to be closer to them, or better targeted at their voice.   Requirements:   Bluetooth so it is recorded on my phone.  Cheap - I'm not looking to spend a lot of money. < $100 Will effectively isolate the voice from background noise.    Any suggestions to how this could be incorporated into the interview flow would also be appreciated. I need to be still able to operate my camera, and I don't want a visually distracting microphone in the picture.
Is the AMD still viable?    I'm looking at a mild upgrade to my existing rig, including video card and memory, not much else.  I'm curious if the 8320 is still adequate considering the reasonable cost of the 6500 Skylake (which is considered pretty good for its price but no overclocking).  I do some gaming, but don't care about 4k or reaching super ultra high whatever.  I plan on a 380x AMD gfx card, so that part should be good to go.    If I go the AMD route, I only need to swap CPU, as I currently have an AMD system and compatible MB.  Whereas, going Intel would require new MB, new RAM, and the CPU.    Aside from normal computer usage (internet, email, etc) and playing WoW or BF4, the AMD should be just fine.  Right?  Or would it be best to spend the little extra and go Intel, considering the new platform means I can upgrade the CPU later.  I am currently using an AMD FX-6100 with a Radeon 6770. Any upgrade is an upgrade. As for budget, I can do the Intel route for about $575 USD or the AMD upgrade for about $400. I really just want to know if the 8320 is still a viable option or just bite the bullet and go all in Intel.
So I've bought a SilentiumPC Fera 2 HE1224 CPU cooler for cooling my CPU and I really like it so I want to make my CPU even cooler by adding an another fan to blow the air out - on the other side of the radiator. But i do not know if I should buy the fan with more RPM, lower RPM or the same RPM as the original has. Actual Fan has 1400 rpm. Thanks for the answers.  Edit: This is how it approximately looks now.
Could anybody recommend desktop's SSD that works with lower temperature (I mean that would not heat too much) ?  Or may be at least brand which bother about it... It seems nobody is interesting in that but I do not like idea to put  two SSD, that can heat till 80 degree (by Celsius) under the load into my MicroATX overcrowded case.  May be some mobile models would fit better for me?  Other recommendations? E.g. too prefer lower size?   My corsair's SSD worst temp was 80 degree. I would like to minimize those numbers.   May be SSD drives for the same bus (SATA III) but with lower form factor (M2 ? "half-size SATA" ?) should be preferable for cases where temperatures problems can be observed?
I'm looking for a reasonably priced USB hub to use primarily as a charging station.     entirely USB 3.0 so that it may also function as a modern USB hub at least 4 ports total at least 2 ports with Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 power output sufficient to utilize all Quick Charge ports simultaneously (10W each)
I'm looking for a dual- or multi-channel router. Requirements:   2/3 or more channels Supports IP/TV as well as the standard functionality Reliable brand (think Asus, D-Link) Not more than €300.
I'm building a new pc for a personal cloud server and I was thinking about buying the following:   Motherboard: MSI AM1I CPU: AMD Athlon 5350  Ram: HyperX Fury Blue DDR3 1600MHz PC3-12800 4GB One sata HDD (I will be reusing it and don't remember its specs)    I had read that the power supply wattage should be in a certain range and almost all the PSU I have found didn't meet this criteria. i.e. My build has a power usage of 72-94w so a 150w PSU will be optimal but I only found  500w PSUs because of my reduced budget (50€ for the case and PSU) However, I had found two cases with a PSU that seems good. The first one is a Nox Vexa with a 150w PSU and the other is a Tacens Ixion with a 300w PSU.  I would like to buy the first, but I'm worried if I could get to fit the CPU fan in it and also if the CPU would have enough ventilation. Also, I'm a bit worried about the noise they can make because I have seen some comments saying that they do pretty noise but, also, some saying that they are very silent. Should I buy the first, the second or try with a 500w ATX PSU and a case that allow me to use it?
Background (may be skipped):  I'm owning a desktop computer with a high-end (based on 2010) gaming monitor. Of course, this monitor doesn't feature speakers. This didn't bother me until now, but I'm now primarily using my (external) soundcard + headset on my custom docking station (i.e. two USB-Hubs) for my laptop and don't want to re-plug all this whenever I'm at the desktop. Besides that there are other people using the desktop that occasionally need sound.    I'm looking for a soundbar to put below my monitor (much you'd do with a TV).  The mandatory requirements are:   Really low price (30€ or less preferably) Relatively compact size (must not be larger than 57 x 18 cm (W x D)) Sound can be supplied from the PC (USB or 3.5mm audio jack) Sound should be understandable (i.e. you can understand what people are talking in a show) The soundbar must be only a single device (i.e. no additional bass)   Optional requirements:   The PSU (of the soundbar) should be internal Good sound quality High volume capacity You should be able to place the monitor on-top of the soundbar
I'm looking for a Dumb TV or basically a flat panel monitor with built in speakers. Would want it to be somewhere between 15" to 20". Just want something that I can use in my workshop shop or tote around the yard when I'm working or hanging outside. We cut the cord with our Cable Provider about a year back so I if it has or doesn't have a TV tuner doesn't matter. I'd be using this with a Chromecast so it needs to have HDMI input and a powered USB port would be ideal. Anyone have any recommendations on something like this?
I'm in the market for a new gaming laptop. Because you can't easily upgrade the components in laptops, I'd ideally like to buy one that has the potential to run VR. However, my day to day needs do not demand that much GPU power, so I'd like to buy the minimum hardware spec I can get away with.  I know I could wait until the headsets come out and a new generation of GPUs is around to support them, but I'd prefer to make the purchase now if possible, as it'll save me a bit of tax.  So I've done a bit of research and my understanding is that Oculus are suggesting desktop grade GTX970 is the minimum. That would suggest that a 980M ought, in practice, to be able to support an Oculus Rift. However, I believe I'm right in saying that the 980M is still integrated rather than a separate board, and that it uses Nvidia Optimus. To be frank, I don't entirely understand what this is, nor why it's a problem for VR.  I also know that there's a new desktop grade 980 out, suitable for laptops. This is expensive and doesn't have wide distribution. I also don't know whether this is board mounted/uses optimus or not. I also don't know if it's G-Sync enabled, as this seems to be a good idea for VR.  I was originally looking at the Asus ROG G752VT as it seems to offer excellent value for money. But it's got a 970M, which I suspect isn't going to be enough and is going to run into the optimus problem.  So the baseline question is: what's the mininum specification I need to get a laptop-ready VR.  Bonus points if you'd be kind enough to break this down into:   What's Nvidia Optimus and why is it a problem for VR? Is the "desktop" 980 significantly better for VR than the 980M, and is it Optimus/G-Sync/separate card? Will my preferred option of the Asus ROG be enough, at a push, for a Rift?
I am looking for a DVR like product capable of following:    can connect to various CCTV cameras (with a standard BNC output)  mostly PAL CVBS. downloading of historical data can be performed remotely (nightly) over a secured channel (SFTP, SSH, Windows share etc.), eventually less secure FTP etc. from a distant location over IP network, the format should be preferably chunks of some standard video format like mp4 with H.264 codec supports options to embed real-time video output into a custom web page or windows app supports good motion detection and good quality with options (ideally storing both motion detected scenes and the whole time separately) it would be nice to have a good metadata about videos created, so that output recordings time vs. motion detection could be created programatically can be setup to delete old recordings automatically or programatically provides option to connect external monitor to show real-time cameras' pictures on site   I am considering creating an intranet video surveillance server. So I am looking for a DVR with good automation options. Ideally with video surveillance server software option.    Ok, I just need a good universal and not too expensive device even without points 2 - 3 (downloading ..., embedded video output), if there are any ideas?
I need to locate a Tizen TV running at least version 1400 for work purposes. It needs to be Tizen because I intend to write Apps for Tizen. It needs to be at least version 1400 because that is where developer mode is accessible.  It is deceptively difficult to locate an acceptable device. We purchased a device already that was advertised with Tizen to test with. However, it does not update beyond version 1106.  The device we tried was UE32J4570SS.
Reason  I wanted to wait for buying this hardware upgrade. However, the motherboard of my computer stopped to work this morning, so the need become more urgent (I'm writing this with my tablet).  Rules   The motherboard need to be atx compatible. It should feature at least 1 pcie x16 slot and at least a mini pci one. I don't care about core or Xeon. The whole price should be below 700€. The cpu should be at least a quad core one. The motherboard need to support hardware or fake raid 1. The delivery should be possible in France. (many intel cpu models are not sold here) Should not consume more than 250W.   Update  I need to say for those gpu models that the available cpu sockets are bga only (no lga based models availaible yet). Except if I'm wrong.  So it means while I'm looking for a particular gpu model, the cpu+gpu+motherboard is sold as a single device which can't be ordered into separate parts (the same way you don't buy a northbridge chipset without a motherboard). This why I specify the requirements of both the cpu and the motherboard.
I'm new to SSD, After doing some research i end up with 2 models ADATA SP550 120GB and Samsung EVO 120GB. ADATA seems to be a TLC NAND Flash which is low in endurance but i have no idea about EVO(Could be TLC/MLC). But both are of 3-bit/cell flash memory. Please suggest me a good one.
I'm looking for a motherboard to replace my old one that's been giving me problems lately (See this thread).  The PC is used for heavy gaming (All new games running max settings; GTA V, Fallout 4, etc). It's used for a fair amount of video/photo editing as well.  Requirements:   AM3+ CPU socket Budget is around $150USD USB 3.0 header support At least 4 USB ports on the back (USB2.0 is fine) Built in 5.1 surround sound support (No additional sound card needed) WiFi, bluetooth, integrated video and PS/2 are not required. Needs to work with the rest of my components, obviously (See below)   HDD - Seagate Barracuda 2 TB HDD SATA 6 Gb/s 64MB Cache  CPU Cooler - Cooler Master V8 GTS  PCU - SeaSonic X Series X-850 (SS-850KM3 Active PFC F3) 850W ATX12V  SSD - Crucial MX100 2.5" 256GB SATA III MLC Internal  RAM - G.SKILL Ripjaws X Series 16GB (4 x 4GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 2133  CPU - AMD FX-9590 Vishera 8-Core 4.7 GHz Socket AM3+ 220W - Black Edition  GPU - EVGA GeForce GTX 980 4GB SC GAMING ACX 2.0  Tower - Thermaltake Level 10 GT Snow Edition   Update:  I raised my budget to 150usd,  that would probably be a more logical budget for a decent board. I'm also flexible on the price,  if it's more expensive than my budget,  but is an overall better choice,  then go ahead and suggest it. As long as it's not way out of the budget.
I have a 15600MAh battery pack that came in one of my devices. Long story short, the controller circuit that charges the batteries was fried in a power outage, but the batteries are still good. I have replaced the device they came in, but I was thinking about re-purposing the batteries for a DIY project. I have several Li-Ion/Li-Po battery balancing/charging circuits, but none of them are made for a configuration like this. I need a good Li-Ion battery charging board for this battery pack, any ideas?  Here's a pic of the battery pack (I did not solder them together, they came like that):   I don't have a multi-meter capable of measuring Amps, but I estimate the batteries to put out a total of around 3A, and I get a voltage reading of about 4.5V.
I was looking for a cheap x86 machine for assembly development and other hackery and I was wondering if such a system exists. The system must meet the following requirements:   Under $100 including price of memory. Must not be a compute stick or must be able to run headless. Must be able to run non-custom Linux distributions.
The lights will be on I'll curl up in a ball on a bed and begin to fall asleep. For some reason, sometimes I fall asleep better when the lights are on. However, if I get up to turn off the lights, I usually lose that warm/cozy/comfortable feeling and have trouble falling asleep.   My quality of sleep is much better when all of the lights are off. If I don't turn off all the lights, I often don't feel very rested the morning after.   Eventually, I'd like to have small/lightweight/comfortable to the touch handheld device that I can temporarily fasten to my wrist/loop around my wrist that can turn off all the lights including miscellaneous lights indicating that a laptop is charging/ethernet wire lights etc say within 3 seconds and have the light bulbs dim slowly during those 3 seconds as they turn off.      Now my gut instinct is that someone will or has made a clever smartphone app to do this. So in that situation the hardware would be your smartphone. There's a few reasons why I'd be hesitant if a smartphone solution to this came along and here's why. Feel free to address them:    Plenty of smartphones are slippery- I don't think you could tie a smartphone to your hand comfortably  The heat your body under the covers might not be good for the smartphone Could pretty easily knock the smartphone off the bed onto the floor      When I was a little boy, sometimes my parents would see that I had fallen asleep and turn off the lights -> Things would work great then. Perhaps I'm going about this wrong and there is actually hardware for the lights in your room to know that you have fallen asleep?
I want to upgrade my PC and I don't know which path should I choose. I want raise performance in games and be able to OC my PC which is not possible now because I have blocked CPU (without K). All my parts were bought to fit Rajintek Metis case but it was to hot inside and I changed my case to Phanteks Enthoo Evolv Itx which is much larger, has better air flow and can fit bigger GPU.   Additional info:   Resolution: 1920 x 1080 but I may buy 4K monitor in near future what do I play: newest titles without first person shooters budget: ~$400 but I want to choose upgrade which will give best performance per spent dollar     My actual setup:   CPU: Intel® Core™ i5-4690 MOBO: MSI Z87I GAMING AC GPU: Gigabyte GTX960 ITX 2GB PSU: Thermaltake Smart SE 530W RAM: Crucial Ballistix Tactical 8GB HDD: WD 1TB Blue SSD: Crucial MX100 128GB CPU COOLER: Pkanteks PH-TC14S CASE: Phanteks Enthoo Evolv Itx CASE Cooling: 200 mm intake fan provided with case CASE Cooling: 3 x NZXT FN V2 (140 mm) exaust fans (2 x top, 1 x rear)  FAN controller: NZXT GRID+ V2      Which of paths listed below will be the best choice ?    PATH 1:  Cheapest way. Only upgrade GPU & RAM. No OC possibility.  Sell:   GPU: ~$200 RAM: ~$30   Buy:   GPU: MSI GTX970 ~$380 RAM: Teamgroup Vulcan 2400 Mhz, CL11, 2 x 8GB ~$100   SUM: ~$250    PATH 2:  It's the most probable upgrade for me. It will upgrade my GPU and give me possibility to overclock my CPU with upgrading it to i7.  Sell:   CPU: ~$180 GPU: ~$200 RAM: ~$30   Buy:   CPU: Intel® Core™ i7-4790K ~$390 GPU: MSI GTX970 ~$380 RAM: Teamgroup Vulcan 2400 Mhz, CL11, 2 x 8GB ~$100   SUM: ~$360    PATH 3:  Upgrade only GPU but to GTX 980. Will my not overclocked i5 4690 be a bottleneck for this card ?  Sell:   GPU: ~$200   Buy:   GPU: Asus GTX 980 DC2 OC Strix ~$600   SUM: ~$400    PATH 4:  Upgrade to Skylake it will be the most expensive, so I'm not sure if this upgrade is worth this price. To fit budget range I have to resign from i7 (to i5) and 16 GB RAM (to 8GB) and it's still $45 more expensive than Haswell upgrade.  Sell:   CPU: ~$180 MOBO: ~$90 GPU: ~$200 RAM: ~$30   Buy:   CPU: Intel® Core™ i5-6600K ~$280 MOBO: MSI Z170I GAMING PRO AC ~$175 GPU: MSI GTX970 ~$380 RAM: G.Skill Ripjaws V 2x4GB, 3200MHz, CL16 ~$70   SUM: ~$405    It's really hard choice for me which path will be the best for spent dollar? In addition I have to ask if my PSU will be enough for all this configurations or should I add PSU with more power to this four paths ?    Edit:  PATH 5  So if the best solution is to save more money and wait for new architecture (GPU), I will do it but still my setup won't give me possibility to OC when it will be needed. My last idea is to sell CPU and RAM and upgrade it with better (but used, when they are still on market and people are changing them to Skylake) CPU and better RAM memory which won't be so expensive like other upgrades but will give me possibility to raise performance of my setup when it will be needed.  Sell:   CPU: ~$180 RAM: ~$30   Buy:   CPU: used Intel® Core™ i7-4790K ~$300 or CPU: used Intel® Core™ i7-4690K ~$220 RAM: Teamgroup Vulcan 2400 Mhz, CL11, 2 x 8GB ~$100   SUM i7: ~$190    SUM i5: ~$110  Does this solution have sense ?
I am currently on the lookout for an affordable computer monitor with a high refresh rate, starting at 120Hz, but preferably higher. The reason why I need a high refresh rate is that I need to control the duration of images that are displayed in psychological experiments with high temporal fidelity. For example, with 60Hz the smallest possible step change is 16.6 ms. Instead, I am in the search of a time resolution that is closer to 1 ms. (A standard display size is sufficient, as most stimuli are presented within 0-7 degrees of the visual angle with most stimuli around 2 degrees.)  Most LCDs are not suitable for this type of high temporal precision. The goal is to adjust the amount of contrast change as well as the duration of the stimulus.  The ideal price range is 200-300 euros and in this range I have found some 144 Hz monitors. Given three options, we will choose the cheapest one. Concerning connector type, we are not very well informed what factors limit us or to what extent we could use adapters while maintaining a high refresh rate. Our current setup are roughly 8 year old computers running Windows 7 in a dual screen setup. Any standard resolution and screen size suffices, which would enable us to replicate standard experiments. (Our brand preference is Dell, but after communicating with a Dell sales rep it seems that they do not have a screen for our purposes, so any brand with a decent build applies.)
My work computer is very slow, and so I am looking to upgrade some of the parts. I have the intel i5-4440 that I'm going to put in it, but this CPU is not compatible with my current motherboard.   Here's the slightly esoteric requirement: I work with programming EtherCAT boards over an Ethernet port, and I also like to use Ethernet for my internet connection. Unfortunately, my current motherboard only has one Ethernet port, and no wifi card. This means I will frequently switch out my Ethernet cord from the router to the board I'm working on, and it's very annoying to have to pick between an internet connection and talking to the board I'm working on. (I suppose a better solution would be to buy a wifi card, but I'd like to keep the Ethernet connection if I can)  Requirements   Compatible with the i5 4440 CPU, DDR3 RAM and the GTX 610 GPU. At least 4 USB ports.  Micro ATX Relatively cheap. I'm thinking around 70 USD.   Preferences   USB 3.0 would be awesome, but I could settle for 2.0 if I had to.   I don't have any strong brand or appearance preferences.
Good day, everybody. I know, that this theme (about long USB cables) was discussed many times on different resources, but my question still keeps uncovered.   The task is typical: my PC is in one room, my TV is in another. I want to play on my TV (by using joystick) or control my PC by using TV as monitor. The distance between PC and TV about 8 meters. As you probably knows, USB cables has a distance limitation of 5 meters. I seen (and already ordered a pair) adapter USB - RJ45 - USB. But, unfortunately, I couldn't find this kind of an adapter that will support USB 2.0, only USB 1.1. Well, I found a few, but they costs too much - from 50$.  Then I found long USB cables which are called active (with IC on one of the ends), it looks as following: 1  But there a lot of suggestion to not to use it with power consumable devices, only for something simple, like mouse. So, this doesn't fit my requirments, so here is what I would like to do: PC - active USB cable (10m)- active USB hub (that has it's own power adapter) - USB devices.  This way, I think, the energy loss because of long USB cable will be restored by active USB hub. So, everyone tried this kind of a connection scheme? Will this work?
I have an ASUS N56VB and have been researching laptop coolers for a while now (or maybe even too much). I checked the areas where the laptop overheats when playing games and noticed that it happens only on the left side. Even the hard drive, which is on the bottom right, is unaffected. Also, I think the vents are not at the bottom of the laptop but on it's left side. There are of course a lot of brands which make the choice even harder.  Considering those circumstances, I am not sure whether to buy a cooling pad with 1 fan, 2 or 4 fans. 1 fan lies always in the center, and the heating occurs on the left side only. 2 fans might be sufficient. 4 fans, while at the right areas, seem redundant.  Here are some pictures:  Some measurements -    The side vents -    I thought that maybe this will be good: http://www.amazon.com/BlueFinger%C2%AE-Arrival-Notebook-2200-4000%C2%B110%25RPM-Ultra-portable/dp/B0148IKWYS/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1455965509&sr=8-1&keywords=Bluefinger+2+in+1 As it has both a cooling pad and a cooler on the side, but there are not enough reviews for this product.  Another good product is this: http://www.amazon.com/Cooling-TeckNet-Notebook-Adjustable-Temperature/dp/B016CL2F5S/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1455965555&sr=8-1&keywords=TeckNet%C2%AE+Gaming+Laptop Mainly because of the temperature display and the on/off switch (which hopefully also turns off the fans themselves).  Or perhaps this one (or something similar? there could be others that are way better): http://www.amazon.com/Thermaltake-Massive23-Notebook-Oversized-CLN0015/dp/B003ZUXXWO/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1455965583&sr=8-1&keywords=Thermaltake+Massive23 Perhaps one fan is better? I'm not sure.  So far I'm thinking about the BlueFinger cooler (mainly because it is pad&side cooler) but the lack of reviews is disturbing. I would really appreciate your assistance as I have never bought a laptop cooler before.
Several weeks or months ago I read a discussion, probably on Hacker News, and in it somebody recommended a router that fixed all his router problems. Reception was excellent, and it had an option to configure guest access on a separate network, secure from the rest, without much effort.   I don't remember the name of the brand. I believe it had U and Q in it, but I'm not sure. The router itself was round and white, like the Engenius, but as I remember it without the leds. Pricing was about 80 euros for the basic model, and there were pro versions for about 240 euros.     Do you have any idea which router I'm referring to? It could even be Engenius, but I don't find anything about the guest network setup in the reviews.
I have the following type of spare 64GB RAM  DDR2 ECC  4GB 2Rx4 PC2-5300P RAM PC2-5300P-555-13-ZZ    This came with IBM System X3850 M2 which had issues so didn't work as expected   What I am looking for   Used HP or Dell server Price range $300 or less Two quad core  any compatible server  which will work this RAM   Existing work    tried with my dl580 and dl380 but they were not compatible It also did to work with del power edge r900 Searching on google and eBay basically lists RAM only. Not finding any servers that way
I'm looking for an ereader that can easily sync content with a laptop. It should function similar to dropbox: copy a PDF in a folder, and it should upload automatically to the ereader - if wifi is connected of course. So connecting a USB cable is not an option.   Currently I have a Sony PRS T3 ereader, and I'm very fond of it. Only problem is that it's such a hassle to copy files to it.   I wonder if Amazon or Kobo have solved this problem, and how it works out. The reader should be an e-ink reader, not a Kindle Fire with Android.
I have a system that requires a GPS signal from a GPS antenna in order to function.  The system never actually moves, and will therefore always have the same GPS coordinates.   Unfortunately, it is difficult to get a GPS signal to this device in the physical location it is in.  I'm wondering if there is any hardware that can attach to an antenna port which would automatically report arbitrary GPS coordinates to the attached system. Essentially it would act as an antenna, but only ever report a single set of coordinates. Does anyone know of a product like this, or any other creative ways to get around this?   They software on the system itself can't be altered to not require a GPS signal or have static coordinates.
so I'm in the process of building this Hackintosh workstation and I'm going to dual boot it with Windows 10 and Mac(El Capitan) can someone tell me if these parts are compatible or what I would have to do to make them compatible.  Parts:  CPU: Intel Xeon E5-2620 V3 2.4GHz 6-Core Processor  Motherboard: MSI X99A GAMING 7 ATX LGA2011-3 Motherboard  Memory: G.Skill Ripjaws 4 series 64GB (8 x 8GB) DDR4-2400 Memory  Storage: 2x Samsung SSD 850 PRO 2.5" SATA III 512  GPU: NVIDIA Quadro M4000 8GB Video Card  Wireless Network Adapter: Asus PCE-AC68 802.11a/b/g/n/ac PCI-Express x1 Wi-Fi  Adapter  Case: NZXT H440 (Black/Red) ATX Mid Tower Case  Power Supply: Thermaltake 750W 80+ Gold Certified Semi-Modular ATX Power Supply
A nisc is an evolution of risc where the cpu has no instruction set nor microcode. Programs are written in nanocode with direct access to internal cpu components pins.  Such programs resemble more to hardware description languages like verilog, and compiling a C program for that kind of cpu requires special techniques (but such cpu still carry out instructions). The main idea is the place used by traditional cpu control units are left for using more other components providing more performance or less electrical power consumption.  When I tried to search for an implementation, I only saw academic papers or lessons mainly teaching how cpu works. Except a patent about the ɴɪꜱᴄ idea but which is held by an individual (not a company).  By commercial, I mean used in an end‑user device (such as a desktop computer or an infrared remote control) or used in a performance oriented server. If such implementation exists, it’s datasheet would be a bonus.  Update :  This question isn’t too broad as it’s obvious such cpu would be a commercial catastrophe (perhaps with few exceptions which is the aim of that question).    So it’s very unlikely such device exists.
While hubs can be found that adapt USB-C to many USB 3.0 ports, or to mDP etc., it seems there is no product out there that simply turns a single USB-C into two or more USB-C ports? Is there a fundamental reason why this would be impossible to do?
I've always used full sized keyboards, with high profile keys. (I'm a developer) I think it's time to make some changes.   Today I went to a big computer shop. Tried out many keyboards. Mainly from Logitech and Microsoft. I even tried some  gaming keyboards, but I was very disappointed with how they all felt. Except one! The Logitech K740. This keyboard really stood out. It has very low profiles keys, right spacing between the keys, big keys, a little bend/curving in the keys like on traditional keyboards and illuminated keys. It just felt right. By the way is was also the best looking keyboard of all off them.  Only one problem it was not wireless. Something I'm really want right now. Ideally with Bluetooth support. Even beter, multiple channels like the Logitech MX Master mouse would be great. I want to invest in one keyboard that works on my desktop computer but also on other (mobile) devices.  To summaries, I'm looking for a modern, good looking wireless keyboard, that has a good quality feeling. So far hard to find.
I want to buy a new pc soon and want to build it myself. Now I figured out the components I want to use. Could you tell me, whether everything fits together and if I can get something better for the same price (so if there is a better or newer component for the same price)? Thanks in advance.  CPU: i7-4790k  Mainboard: MSI B85-G41 PC Mate (especially here I'm not fure whether my graphic card i chose will fit on the mainboard)  CPU cooler: Thermaltake Contac 21  RAM: G.Skill DIMM 32 GB DDR4-2133 Kit  Graphic card: Sapphire AMD Radeon R9 390 OC Tri-X NITRO  SSD: Samsung 850 EVO 1 TB  Case: Sharkoon VS4-W  Power supply: Thermaltake Berlin 630W  Fans: 2 x be quiet! Silent Wings 2 120 mm (is this needed?)  And of course a CD-drive and Windows 8.1 on it.  Sorry to not ne able to post links, as I do not have 10 reputation yet.
I am looking for an outdoor IP camera with night vision and good resolution, ability to cover distances about 100 m with good detail (registration plate, face etc.). There are some good recommendations in this question.   It is quite common for theese cameras to have an SD card inserted and recordings can be saved there. Is there a chance there is some IP camera with built-in FTP, SFTP server, or with HTTPS download of recorded video files periodically (nightly)? Like it is possible from an IPCorder device. Or to setup FTP send to some given schedule, like every day at 22:00.   Seems like VIVOTEK 8372 can be configured to send FTP data only when defined event fires, which could be OK, but it is not well documented how it actually works. From this link it seems that it is rather used for sending pictures from the camera to be shown on a web page which is quite useless for this purpose.    Looking around my last hot candidate are Panasonic cameras WV-SFV6 series - in their manual there is on the page 160 an option Allow FTP access to camera. This seems to be promising, even there is a data structure on the last page that looks very well, any experience with this or anything similar? The problem is that theese cameras are relatively expensive and perhaps installing less expensive camera tohether with NVR would be less costly.
Can someone recommend a cheap (up to $15-$20) device that can receive a wireless signal from my main router and transfer it to a classic network wired switch?  I have found bunch of cheap repeaters on eBay, but don't know if any of them can pass a wireless signal to a wired network.
I have a crash cart adapter with a VGA input.  I need support for:   DVI-I (full size required, mini would be nice) HDMI (full size [A] required, C and D would be nice) DisplayPort (full size and mini [mini displayport covers thunderbolt] required, micro would be nice)   I'm looking for an adapter that takes these as input and converts to VGA output, with all these built into one just to minimize the number of things I need to carry around. Ideally the configuration would be a female VGA output port, then male cables for all the other types sticking out so I don't need to carry a set of cables around either.  Things I don't care about:   It's OK if it has other connectors in addition to those listed above. I do not care about size or weight, to an extent. It must be reasonably portable, but it's more important to minimize the number of things I carry around rather than the amount of space they take up.   Does a combined adapter like this exist?
I am exploring options for a network attached storage system, but I want to have full control over the hardware, so a prepackaged system is not a viable solution.  Size is not a significant concern, but I have access to free Intel NUC units, so I'd like to make use of one (the specific model is something I can pick at the time I decide to get it). There are mini-PCIe RAID controllers like this Syba unit that I can use to connect a couple drives.  What I can't seem to find is a chassis that can accept a NUC board but has space for two (or even better, three, because the NUC has it's own SATA port) 2.5" or 3.5" drives. Every chassis I've seen only fits one 2.5" drive.
I have an iMac 27 (core i5, 8gb ram, AMD Radeon R9 M290X 2gb) and this is not enough for some new games. So are there external graphics card box, which capable of operate on the internal monitor iMac with windows OS?  I know about Sonnet, Akitio and Bizon adapters, but it works only on external monitor.
We have two multitouch monitors connected to the same windows PC.  When both monitors are touched at the same time, only one monitor receives the touch input.  We need some kind of box that can receive both touch inputs from the monitors and pass it along to windows as one.  If anyone could point me in the right direction, it would be very appreciated.
I listen to a lot of talk radio when I drive. It is very frustrating when one talker seems to whisper and one to almost shout The radio stations seem to do nothing about this. In fact my favourite show has a presenter who seems to whisper, so that when talk switches from him to someone else, I have to keep jiggling the volume control, which is both annoying and potentially dangerous.  Any suggestions?    [Update] Hoping to avoid any more downvotes. I came here to ask what hardware to buy, not how to install it.   If someone can recommend a car radio that does what I ask, then I can contact the manufacturer & ask if it is compatible.   There surely can't be that much difference between them, can there? If it is so important, then it should fit a 1991 Mazda MX5 Miata
I am looking for a single board rackmount server/pc that can run a lightweight Linux or BSD operating system like pfSense.  The requirements are:   Cheap. (preferably under $400 AUD, inc. tax and postage) Low power consumption. Fanless (Passively Cooled) or other silent solution. Multiple Gigabit NIC's. (2 or more) Rackmount or desktop. (switchable)   My aim is to have one of these machines running a pfsense firewall and another running a lightweight VoIP server (asterisk) or similar in my home. The hardware requirements are higher than something like a Raspberry Pi or another ARM based board.
I am a mechanical engineering student in my second year and I am about due for a new laptop.... I think.   I would like to run Matlab, Creo, and solidworks as needed. I do not play video games and I rarely watch movies so neither of those are important to me.  I also run programming software for my HAM raido equipment but that software is not very demanding of computing abilities.   I am currently running a HP ProBook 6360b, intel i3-2350M @ 2.3GHz, 4.00GB RAM, 32 bit OS, Intel HD graphics  3000.   This laptop is old but it still works. It was free and if some minor upgrades would keep me going for a few more years for a considerable cost savings I would rather do this. I will need a new dvd drive (mechanical issue, does not read) if I am convinced to run this a few more years.     If I buy new it is going on a credit card. I am not afraid of spending more money for something that will last me several years. With that I would say $2k or less.   i am not a fan of small computers with small keyboards but at the same time I am not looking for a 15lbs jumbo laptop.
The short version:  Can anyone recommend a webcam that I can carry around the house - totally unwired? I guess it should be wifi, battery-charged, and if there are both mic and speakers it would be great. If it has fisheye lens it would be totally perfect. :)  Long version:  Ok, this might sound really silly. But a family member is totally scared of being alone, I can't even walk into the other room when I'm there, then she will start calling. So I was thinking of mounting my GoPro on a helmet and let her see me on a monitor in her room. However there is a delay with the GoPro camera (Silver 3+), which ruins the whole idea.  So my question is if there is a real wireless camera that I somehow can mount to a helmet, and stream via wifi to a computer and on to the monitor/TV via hdmi.  I have seen Logitech Broadcaster Wi-Fi Webcam, but it's a few years old, there gotta be newer and cheaper cameras? :-)  ANY ideas will help me, thanks! <3
I have Asus RT-AC1200G+ router downstairs with my home media server connected with cable (Video streaming, NAS, VM streaming).   On ground floor WiFi reception is very good (144MBit on 2,4 and over 350MBit on 5GHz). On second floor I have poor signal (unstable 60-80MBit on 2.4, very unstable 15MBit on 5GHz).  What I want to have ground-floor quality signal on second floor.   Router repositioning isn't an option - this is where internet cable is. Normally I would lay additional ethernet cable to upstairs and buy a good access point - but property owner strictly forbids doing it on my own and he demands ~250$ for it (+cable&AP price of course). House is pretty old, so PLC adaptor probably isn't a solution (however I haven't tested it yet).  My question: is there a better solution than paying an owner to lay an ethernet cable for me and buy AP?
I'm going to buy a laptop for both gaming and coding (I already have a bigger, powerful PC for most of the games though, but I also want to play on the laptop).  I want something :   nice-looking quick to boot (A SSD for the OS seems mandatory, or a hybrid drive) A good battery life (3+ hours) With an OS (W10) Comfortable for long sessions of coding Reliable in the long term   I don't mind about not having an optical drive.  Are there brands I should avoid ?
I have an Asus EEE 901, one of those small netbooks that were the rage a few years ago. It's good as a travelling machine, but I'd really like to have more storage space.  This model is the Windows version with two SSDs, a 4Gb one that is a pain to get to and a 12Gb one that is easier to reach. I am thinking of replacing the 12Gb one and use the 4Gb one only to boot. I'm not sure about what kind of SSD I should be looking for - a search online brings up pages with lots of links to the old eeeusers.com forum that is now closed down.  So, let's put down some requirements: larger than 30Gb, cheaper than £40 including the cost of possible adapters, and from a reasonably well known brand. What I'm not sure about is the interface/protocol/connector I should be looking for, as it looks like there was some evolution since the old 901 came out.
I am project managing the development of a web app that needs to interface with a wireless bar code scanner.  Ideally I do not want to have to have a local host computer on site for the scanners to connect to / use as a gateway. I don't know if they exist but I was hoping to find a scanner that would connect to the internet via wifi and send the number it scanned to a specific API/WebService or that my webapp could poll the device for scanned codes.  To put it more concisely can you recommend a wireless barcode scanner that can directly interface with a web based application?  Requirements:  Connects to wifi directly with no gateway device needed.  Interfaces with a webapp via a exposed web service or API.  Expense is not an issue, device must be supported as it will form part of a critical government system.   Sorry if I have been vague, happy to answer any questions.   Thanks.
I sometimes need to tweak (python) software on a PC that doesn't have a parallel port yet the live system does and the software uses it.  I need some way to convince my system that it has a parallel port - ideally a USB to parallel port converter that would function at some level - but if not then just something that fakes it - so long as I can run the software without having to comment all the code that tries to access the parallel port.  All the parallel port to USB converters I've seen appear to only be for printers and don't fake a port.  I realize that even if it did work that the timing would not be precise as per a dedicated parallel port - I don't care about this though as its not being used to test that aspect of the software.
I have a Dell Optiplex 3010.  I want to upgrade my CPU ,The motherboard is the Dell Inc. 042P49 (CPU 1) and currently has a Intel Core i3 2120 Socket 1155 LGA installed.  I need the advice to choose the proper CPU compatible with my device to upgrade and also i want to know what is the maximum Generation that working well with my device etc 3th 4th 5th
All the LED lamps that are available locally have noticeable flicker, and I have the same problem with the lamps that I've ordered online. Is there any device that could phase-shift 220 V 50 Hz AC home electricity so that I could run two LED bulbs out of phase from each other?  I have read that stadium lighting uses three 120-degree phases to handle flicker. I would thus prefer such a system for my LED lamps, but if a device with two 180-degrees phasing exists I would be happy with that as well.
I am experimenting on a web app that recreates the idea in this xkcd comic. I am doing it using a node.js server hosted on my desktop, connected (via websocket) to two clients running on a web browser. The two clients continually sending camera capture to the server, that combines them and produce a cyan-red 3D anaglyph image.  So I want two phones meeting these requirements:   Cheap. Really cheap. Cheapest possible. Must run at least Android 4 or Firefox OS Must have Wi-Fi (may or may not have 2G/3G/4G) Should have at least a HD720 (1280 x 720) camera, no need for a rear cam.   I guess that's a pretty large frame, the main requirement is still cheapest possible.
I have a Bluetooth Bluetake BT500 mouse and one of the buttons is going (the left one of course), the case has some wear, and I'd like a comparable replacement.  It seems that the mouse is no longer in production, and I can't find a comparable replacement.  This mouse was a good match for a UMPC, so we're talking technology from almost 10 years ago.  My current mouse still mostly works, but if I can't repair the left mouse button switch, I'll need a replacement.  Is there a comparably small and well built Bluetooth mouse suitable to be a UMPC/Netbook/Tablet companion?  Things I like(d) about the mouse:   Small Easy to pair Fit in a tacklebox (This happened to be dumb luck.  I often store gadgets in tackleboxes to secure them in transit) used AAA batteries (standard batteries)   Things I dislike(d) about the mouse:   Used AAA batteries (I had to carry extra batteries) the battery cover latch got bent once and I could never get it quite right.  It was a hard plastic and I was worried about breaking it the left mouse button started to go flaky after a few months to a year of use   New features that I might like to see   built in rechargeable battery built in battery can be swapped out for standard and/or replacement battery above battery would use a USB cable and also double as USB HID mouse comes with case especially durable presentation features (laser, forward, back, etc) not expensive (< $50)
I want a good indoor drone that also has a docking station at which it gets charged.  Ideally it would have this part automated with sensors so you could tell it to land when it's hovering over the docking station and it would land and begin charging.  Drone definitely needs to have a camera as well - higher the quality the better.  Essentially I'm looking for a nearly hands-free drone possibly for remote usage.
I would like to buy laptop which is good for playing modern games (of 2015, and for 2016 which are coming), multitasking (video editing and internet usage) and excellent for multimedia (HD videos watching and HD audio listening).  It should have at least a core i7 processor (at least 3GHz) with 16GB RAM and graphics card with at least of 2GB DDR5 memory.  Must have WiFi and Bluetooth and at least one USB 3.0 port and one USB 2.0 (because I have one external USB 3.0 HDD and one USB 2.0 HDD).  Which one would you recommend me to buy? I have a budget of around €1500.
I am trying to find a power cable for My NVIDIA Quadro 4000. My Dell server has an 8 pin connection on the Power Distribution Board and the GPU has a 6 pin slot. I can get both of these connections on different leads but can't find them as a combination in order to power my GPU.  What power supply provides both of these connections?
I have a Harmony 650 Universal Remote, which I love! I use it to control a wide range of devices, among them playing and pausing media on on my Mac. (technically a Hackintosh, but that isn't directly relevant).  The Harmony 650 cannot interface over Bluetooth--only IR. For a while now, I've been using the Logitech Harmony Adapter for PlayStation 3 alongside RemoteBuddy in order to get my remote to be recognized by my computer. One of the things I like about this adapter is its sensitivity--it's able to pick up an IR signal no matter which direction my remote is pointed. Annoyingly, however, the harmony adapter takes around seven seconds to "wake up" after it hasn't been used for a few minutes.  I would like to replace this adapter with a non-Bluetooth, USB IR adapter. However, USB IR adapters seem to be very difficult to find nowadays. Where can I find a USB IR adapter that:   Will work with my Mac (preferably via Remote Buddy's Candelair driver) Will have similarly great sensitivity to my Harmony PS3 adapter Costs less than $25 ($10 or less is preferable, but $25 is my limit)
I would like to create a WiFi access point. I have a dedicated machine running Windows Server 2012 setup for DHCP and firewall. 4 port network card for my local wired network, now I would like to add WiFi to that setup via a WiFi adapter acting as an AP (Access Point).  It needs to be able to handle up to 10 devices with a decent throughput.  What kind of hardware do I need? I'd ideally like to have something that is internal to the PC such as a PCI card or an antenna but not a separate device, however if my only option is a separate device then it's fine.
At home, I frequently move between two rooms with my OS X laptop. I would like to get two wireless speakers and place one in each room, to avoid the hassle of having to connect them via Aux Line-in.  Critical features:  The Wireless speakers I am looking for should be able to source computer audio, and let me select where to play it at any time:   Play one of the speakers, or... Both speakers at the same time   Additionally, I would like them to:   Support AirPlay streaming from iOS devices   Optional features:  Optional, but not critical:   Support direct streaming from services like Spotify, Soundcloud Allow Aux Line-In or equivalent Manufacturer also provides "bridge" unit that can connect ordinary line-in speakers to the Wi-Fi system   Pricing:  Up to 450 USD per speaker, but preferably lower. Audio quality should be good but doesn't need to be Hi-Fi great (and thus very expensive).    Because of the above criteria, I'm assuming that Bluetooth speakers are not effective, because I need to be able to move around with the laptop and still have connectivity. Also, there is a thick wall between the two rooms so they wouldn't be able to communicate with each other via Bluetooth.  So my question is if you could recommend some Wi-Fi speakers that meet these critera – if there are any?
I am studying JVM multi-threading and I need to try it on other architectures, Arm is already abandoned so I am searching for with a netbook or other small computing device. Can anyone recommend something?  Requirements:  MIPS CPU preferably dual+ core   Could be something like Raspberry pi, but MIPS based.
I'm looking for a storage case for the following collection of items (not including the ruler, which is just for reference in the photo):    The item on the left is a USB KVM adapter, it is about 1" depth; the rest is a collection of accessories I've built up. I've already picked up an Amazon Basics Travel Case, which is a perfect fit for the accessories but doesn't fit the adapter itself (disappointing; it is a nice little case):    It does have to be a hard case, other than that I don't have any real solid requirements for this one. Ideally:   Hard shell, zipper preferred to clips. Under $50, but I'm somewhat flexible there. In the item photo above, the objects in the top row should be the easiest to access. Space for a couple more video adapters in the future. Doesn't really need space for anything else beyond what's in the picture, though. Can be opened without everything falling out; no loose storage.   Here are a few things I don't care about:   Doesn't need to lock. Doesn't need to have a soft cloth exterior (although it does look nicer). Doesn't need internal padding like foam (it's OK if it does, but the device itself is already ruggedized and is not fragile).   I kind of want to stay away from custom-built cases for budget reasons.
I'm looking for a great android phone with awesome specs, but in a tight budget of under $180(may go a little over).  Here is a list of things I want it to include:   compatible with micro SD card uses android OS a good camera(about 13mp camera) 1080p@30fps  w/ flash and auto-focus Camera on both sides Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels (will go with a lower if price and other specs make up for it) multi-touch is a must Screen Size: atleast 4.7in. Must have atleast 3gb ram Rootable (unlocked bootloader would be a bonus) compatible with Straight Talk     Minor things that I would like, but aren't necessary:   super-Amoled screen I would like a phone that would last at least 6 non-stop use and quick charge time An led notification bar     This will be phone for over a year, so I need to last a little while. I will be writing programs on it, so I need a medium-big screen. It also needs to have pretty good speed, and can handle some multi-tasking. I would also be recording on the phone as well, while writing programs and/or playing games. I know this is a lot for the price, but I don't have a big budget. I have done some research and here are a few phones I have found: Blu Life One X (2016) and the Moto G (3rd Gen). I really like the Blu Life One X, but there quite a bit of reviews about the screen touch not working and the battery being terrible and wanted to get some input on that. Also found another 1 that i think I might get lenovo k3 note. But what about the xiaomi redmi note 2.  Also, I will also consider buying a used phone off ebay or amazon.  I have noticed that I can get a used(risking that it doesn't last or work) Galaxy note 3 on ebay for $148-180. I will also give bounty that put's up a good argument on weather I should get one of the new phones mentioned above, the Galaxy Note 3, or another phone used or new of your choice that can compare.
I need a keyboard and a mouse. They should run on Bluetooth, but be chargeable via USB as well, if that's possible? Preferable both in one go.  Price limit: INR 1000/-.  Bluetooth essential. Price essential. Chargeable desirable.
I have a Surface tablet. And I need to get it's USB signal about 10' away.  Here's what I've tried:   An active hub 5' away, and that doesn't work. Apparently the tablet doesn't put enough power on the USB to supply the hub 5' away. An active hub next to the tablet and another 5' away. Same problem, cause again the laptop is the power source and doesn't provide enough power to supply the hub 5' away. I've switched both hubs for externally powered hubs, but it turns out that the external power was only for charging things when the hub wasn't plugged into a source.   All I really need here is an externally powered active hub. I want it to use it's own power not the source power to repeat the signal. (And I want to not have to buy 4 more hubs to achieve this.) Does such a thing exist?  EDIT:  It appears that this is also a problem for the Raspberry Pi. Where the power on the USB is insufficient to drive some devices/devices that are far away. It appears a significant enough issue that modifying a hub was considered a good solution: http://hackaday.com/2013/05/25/add-external-power-to-any-usb-hub/  As I understand it there are hubs that supplement the power over the USB correctly. Perhaps all I need here is the right powered hub.
I'm interested in purchasing a large 4K TV.  One feature I promised myself I'd check on, before purchasing another television, is the ability to turn the TV's screen off at any time, while still being able to hear the audio.  Sometimes I just want to listen to the TV without watching it, and I'd like to save energy during these times (by turning off the screen).  Is this feature offered? Ideally, I'd like it to be a button on the remote control, so I don't have to navigate through a bunch of menus to toggle the screen on and off.
Is it possible to filter wifi users by their MAC addresses and allocate different bandwidth for each of them?  Say, a device (having MAC address 14-CC-20-0A-2A-6E) will get 5mbps and another device (14-CC-20-0A-5A-12) will get 3mbps?  Is there any router that can help me achieve this?  Thanks.
I'm looking for a password-write-protected USB Drive or Flash Memory card where I can write to it only with a password. Do such products exist?  I DO NOT want a software protection/encryption with a common pendrive, I need a suitable drive for this purpose with some specific hardware features. And maybe I will need a custom native library to write to it.  (Mandatory) Requirements:   No encryption required 512MB or more storage Write password protection   Optional Requirements:   Write via native means of the OS or via specialized library Read without password, possibly like a common usb pendrive.   Password method is not mandatory but I must be sure that only my software should toggle write protection on/off. So any other method is welcome, for example an hardware switch is not good because everybody could turn it on or off.
I am looking for any consumer-audio (1/4 or 1/8 inch, mono or stereo) 3-way cable that could be described as a 'T' splitter rather than a 'Y' splitter.  The intended use is to be able chain multiple 'T' splitters on top of each other without putting extra physical strain on the cable portion (rather than the metal connector).  I did not find such a cable in my searches and wonder if anyone else has come across one.
I have a bunch of external hard drives, and I'm getting a bit tired of connecting and disconnecting them all the time - not to mention the noise. I'd like to find a way to connect them to my network instead so they can sit in a cabinet and stay out of my way.  Is there anything that could do that? Ideally wired, but wifi will do at a pinch. If it can take multiple drives, that'd be a bonus.  I'm not looking for a specific number of ports; four would be a good balance, twelve would be great if I find one that doesn't cost too much, but one would be fine too. No particular features or requirements in mind; I just want to be able to have some drives plugged in in another room so I can access them over the network.  Budget would be ideally below 1,000 SEK, but there's some leeway.
I recently got a new (to me) computer. It was a workhorse computer from a few years ago. I'm trying to rig it up to work with an SSD in its new life with me.   Currently the motherboard has SATA II and PCIe x4 slots available. I purchased a SAMSUNG 850 EVO M.2 SATA III drive  which I was hoping would wrok but because of my confusion on how the M.2 spec works the drive I purchased is not directly compatible with my motherboard. I was assuming I could plug it into a PCIe slot (obviously that was wrong), then I was hoping I could get a PCIe to M.2 adapter but because this particular drive is M.2/SATA which means if I get an adapter I'd have to plug it in to a SATA II port which is what I was hoping to avoid is the first place.  Is there something I can buy that can make use of the drive I purchased while not compromising speed?
Fan sound drives me crazy I want Linux, not Windows nor ChromeOS. I do not need games nor 3D, probably console tty only. Displays smaller than 13" are too small Intel has better Linux support than ARM or Tegra If I have no CPU-intense ambitions, why shouldn't it be cheap - let's say <= $250 (some Chromebooks, for example, are confirmed to be easily converted to Linux, but most models do not have seabios from the box and requires model-specific not-officially-supported hacking)   The criteria I am searching for are, again:   fanless  Linux >= 13" Intel cheap   I've searched for the past year and couldn't find anything. The Asus UX305 is ideal, only not cheap (still ~$600).  Can someone recommend something?
I'm in a country with an unreliable power supply but plenty of sun. I currently keep my work computer and phone going with a portable fold-up PowerAdd 60 watt solar panel, which has built-in voltage control fixed to cap the output at 18 volts max (as well as optional USB output). I use it to recharge one of two lithium polymer battery packs designed to recharge laptops. These can take input from 15V to 20V (it says 15V-19V but the manufacturer's supplied charger outputs at 20V), so it works very well and is elegantly simple: panel, cable, battery, done.  I'm looking to expand my setup with a third battery and second solar panel, to have a spare fully charged battery that can be charged in a day and used to power other appliances such as a 12V fan and a 19V LED TV, which both can be powered from these LiPo batteries when there's no mains electricity. The 60 watt panel is okay, but given placement limitations in my compound costing maybe 20-30% of ideal daily output, it can't quite fully charge one of these batteries in a day, struggles to exceed 2.5 amp output at 18V for more than an hour or two even on a good day, and can't get a high enough voltage to charge at all before around 9:30am and after around 6:00pm. I'm going to need a bigger panel.  My problem is, PowerAdd only go up to 60W, and all the panels over 60W I can find either have no voltage control, or output at 12 volts, which is too low for my needs (or doubled-up to 24V, which is too high).  Is there a durable, reliable solar panel (preferably portable, but not necessarily), with output 100 watt or greater, that prevents output voltage exceeding 20 volts, but allows output at 15 volts or more?   Something with manually adjustable voltage would be amazing (like my batteries which can be switched between 12, 15 and 18 volts), and optional USB output like my current panel would also be nice, but these aren't essential. 5mm/2.5mm DC barrel plug connection would be nice for easy compatibility with my existing setup but adaptors are easy to find so that's a minor consideration.   My main criteria is, I'd like something simple without needing bulky inverters or a bulky heavy duty voltage regulator. Portability is a big bonus - while I don't need to take it camping or anything, I'll need to get between locations in West Africa and Europe and possibly elsewhere, so ideally I'd like something that could fit as luggage on a plane, in a car, etc.  At a push, a panel with output at 15V or 16V would be an acceptable compromise, since these batteries could still charge, but 12V is definitely too low.    Update: something like this 120 watt panel from EBAT would be ideal, but I can't find any reviews  vouching for its quality, durability, real-life outputs, etc and it also doesn't specify whether it's designed to avoid taking charge from a device when the light level is low.   There are also some promising looking panels from AliExpress, like this 120 watt OEM panel which claims to output at up to 18V (or 12V with a charge controller), again, no 3rd party reviews I can find anywhere.
I am considering purchasing a new gaming laptop. After some initial research, I have narrowed the field down to two candidates.  The Asus ROG G752VT   i7 6700HQ Processor 16 GB DDR4 MHz SDRAM NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M 1TB 7200RPM HDD + 128GB SSD   The Medion Erazer X7843   i7 6700HQ Processor 16GB RAM NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 1TB HDD + 128GB SSD   In spite of the fact that, on paper, the Medion is the more powerful of the two, they are roughly equivalent in price. This immediately makes me suspicious. Medion is a German brand which is sometimes sold in discount supermarkets. It's based on MSI "Barebones", about which I know nothing. Being German, it's hard to find reliable reports in English of its reliability.  I was originally going to go for the Asus, but looking at the "recommended" specifications for some recent games it seemed that the desktop GTX 770 is a common fixture. Checking benchmark lists, it appears that the GTX 970M rates about 10% less power than the GTX 770, whereas the GTX 980M rates about 10% more. That made me feel it might be a worthwhile upgrade and I went looking for a system I could afford with the 980M, and the Medion is the only one I found.  To lay out my concerns in plain language, I'm hoping someone can advise me on:   Whether I need to care about being 10% under the "recommended" specs for games (i.e. does "recommended" mean good-to-average, or does it mean all settings cranked up to max?) Whether Medion is a reliable brand? Whether there are any signs or information available on whether cheaper build components in the Medion might hold back performance (i.e. poor motherboard etc making overall performance more in line with the Asus in spite of the better graphics card. Also, note that the Medion doesn't break down the quality of its RAM or HDD like Asus does)? Similarly, whether there are "soft" components in the Medion like sound, screen and connectivity that might lead to a comparatively poor user experience?   In short, do I really need a 980M, and is the Medion really as good value as it seems to be?
And no builtin microphone.  ...Or at least with a webcam + mic which can be easily removed by someone with the right screwdriver and a dream.  Other requirements include:   price point is < $1,500 screen size < 14 inches durable; not covered in thin plastic that rattles when you shake it (currently I'm using an X1 carbon, and that feels pretty solid). at least 2 USB ports, with at least one of them being USB 3. 3 USB ports with at least 2 being USB 3 would be ideal. at least one, and at most two, of the following video ports (in order of highest to lowest preference):   HDMI VGA DVI MiniDP  no touchscreen; an actual laptop. Not a laptop that wishes it was a tablet. a wifi card with a hardware power switch so I can be sure I've disabled the wireless card in hardware and no software / firmware can send / receive wireless packets Windows 7 support 64-bit x86 processor (probably implied, but still), with support for hardware-accelerated virtualization. An i5 or an i7 would probably do well enough. at least 8 GB of RAM, with support for at least 16 GB an SSD with >192 GB   Preferable, but not required:   an actual Ethernet port an SD / MicroSD card reader   This is for a friend of mine who wants to get into development but who hasn't done any yet and doesn't really know much about computers at all. To be honest, aside from knowing what sorts of things a laptop should have (see above specs), I don't really know how to go about finding one, and I don't really keep up to date on what laptops are quichey, or what companies have a good record of producing durable products (or, at least, products with helpful customer service reps and readily-available hardware drivers).  At the moment, I'm liking my X1 Carbon, but I've had it less than a year, and it actually doesn't meet a number of the above specs. I used to have a Dell that matched far more of those specs, but it kept having random kernel panics (didn't matter what operating system I installed. Pretty sure it wasn't malware-related, but I dunno. I do know the memory was fine). And my brother's old laptop, also a Dell but a different model, also had similar issues. So, I'd like to avoid Dell just in case those two examples weren't a fluke. I've heard good things about Asus.  I floundered through some Google searches over the last half hour and have reached the conclusion that I'm woefully unqualified to figure out which make and model would make sense, so I'm deferring to the collective wisdom of the Lazyweb.
The last couple of months I have been preparing for a return to hobby music production after a long hiatus.  I have realised that my computer will not have enough storage space for my coming sample library, so I need to look at external storage solutions.  I basically have two options:   Store the samples on a Gigabit Ethernet-connected Synology DS415+ NAS that's already on my network. I could potentially make use of double LAN ports if I purchase an extra Network switch, since all Ethernet ports on my router are already occupied. Purchase an external drive with either SSD or Thunderbolt (but probably not both – that would be too expensive). I am using an iMac from mid-2011 with Thunderbolt 1 and USB 2, but may upgrade to a new Retina iMac within 1-2 years, and not sure if now is a good time to invest in Thunderbolt 2 technology in an external drive.   Questions:  Which one of these alternatives would be advisable from both a technologically functional and cost-benefit purchase recommendation standpoint?   Does it make sense to store relatively large sample libraries on a remote location on the network for use in a DAW, or will it become a waiting-game headache? In case network transfer is too slow to work with, would it be smarter to get a network switch to enable double LAN ports instead of getting an external drive? But then again, my computer has only one Ethernet port, so I guess that would be the bottleneck. What's the wisest technology to prioritise from a cost-benefit perspective: External SSD with USB 2 or External HDD with Thunderbolt 1 connection (both due to my computer's limitations). Given the above point, what's most future-proof given that I may upgrade my computer to USB-C and/or Thunderbolt 3 within 1-2 years?     Purchasing limitations:   Storage requirement: I need at least 0.5 – 1 TB. Budget: Preferably less than $300 USD.
The LEVO Deluxe iPad Floor Stand can let you angle the tablet any way you want, put it parallel to the ground so you can lie on your back and look upwards on it. You can turn the tablet you turn your head or elevate your head on a pillow.   I'm looking for something ergonomically the same as the above but which can handle a much larger monitor like a 27 inch all in one computer or a 27 inch touch monitor. A lot of the monitor arms I have googled don't seem to have the ability to be parallel to the floor and constantly/easily rotated slightly/adjusted with your hands.   Long term goal I hope to have a massive screen above me and lie down/adjust its angle without moving much.  So right now, with the Amazon link above, I could accomplish what I'm looking for, for a 12 inch tablet. 27 inch seems like the next goal.
I have a line-powered (standard AC) device that sinks 50W in steady-state and I need to power it for 10 hours in case of service interruption.  I'm assuming that I can use, say, a 500W UPS (50W * 10hr = 500Whr = 500W * 1hr) to power it for 10 hours.  But where can I find that kind of UPS?  Looking at, for example, CyberPower, I see the model I currently own will supply 600W for only 1 minute (if I'm reading the spec correctly here, under product features "Runtime (half/full)."  (Actually, I don't know how to read that since it says full = 1 minute, half = 6 minutes, so maybe it isn't linear?)  Anyway, where can I find a battery backed UPS that will supply 50W for 10 hours?  Bonus questions: The UPS specs generally also use VA as units as well as W.  Is this due to RMS factors for sine wave power or what?  And does it affect my calculations?
I have been developing a piece of software that is essentially a web-based GUI interface that configures equipment that will be used in outdoor/field environments (over a wifi network created by the equipment itself). The webgui is responsive across multiple browsers and platforms, but we would like to have a single device that we can ensure the customer will be able to get it to work on, and that we can ship with our equipment.  So I'm looking for an Android tablet that will be used in the field in outdoor work environments, but does not need any of the "frills" common to tablets today. All it really needs to do is run this webgui.  Basically I need:   Long Battery Life solid Wireless card that does not easily disconnect/slow down Reliability $200 max   I do not need:   Large HD space Camera Speakers HD screen Fast Processor Bluetooth SD Card Any other of the common selling points among consumer electronics.   I am currently looking at the Lenovo A8-50, but even that has a lot of unnecessary features. The only real alternatives I've found to mass-consumer electronics are the super-rugged tablets used by the military and industries that are based outdoors. This would be an excellent choice, except those are an order of magnitude more expensive.  Any suggestions? Perhaps there is a company out there that makes cheap non-consumer tablets meant to be used and locked into specific niche purposes?
I'm looking to upgrade my old HDD to SSD to improve build times while programming. Two primary concerns are random read/write and lingevity of the disk. The budget is under 400 PLN (I'm from Poland, that's around 100 USD)  Due to the price I'm currently looking at Intel's 535 240GB or SanDisk Ultra II Plus 240GB. T so Samsung is pretty much out of my budget from what I gathered, but I will welcome any suggestions.  Edit: Forgot to include the interface: SATA 3, will most likely go with ASRock's H170M Pro4  Edit2: I forgot to add, this will be used to (among others) build OpenEmbedded which takes ~50GB for a full image build. Not that it really matters, with 75TB meaning 1,5k full rebuilds.
Considering hardware for a gaming laptop. Not building my own, but found a great deal on a machine from last season still sporting a 4720HQ processor.  Comparing benchmarks between the Haswell 4720HQ and the Skylake 6700HQ seems to suggest they're roughly comparable. The 6700 is, on average, about 5% better but some sites, such as cpuboss, actually suggest the older chip is marginally faster. There are lots of benchmarks and I'm not sure which to trust as regards a machine intended primarily for gaming, but from speed alone the 6700 doesn't appear to be worthwhile.  However, speed isn't the only improvement in Haswell vs Skylake. Most of the others don't interest me. Better integrated graphics aren't much use in a machine with a dedicated GPU. The support for DDR4 isn't a big deal in a laptop where I'm unlikely to be upgrading the default RAM. The effeciency gains aren't helpful since I spend most of my time plugging in to a power socket.  The differences in connectivity though, could be a big deal, and that's support for Thunderbolt and USB 3.1.  About a year ago there was a big explosion in interest about Thunderbolt, partly because it offered the possibility of running desktop-grade GPUs as an external plug-in to laptops and all kinds of other cool stuff. Right now, I can't ascertain whether this has lead to any tangible use cases or is likely to. I'm not even entirely sure, to be honest, whether you can even buy non-Apple laptops with Thunderbolt ports, or how to find them (it seems to be referred to as USB Type-C in some places).  So, is it realistic to go looking for a Skylake laptop with Thunderbolt, with a view to plugging in some monstrous desktop GPU, or some other reason (are the benchmarks lying)? Or should I stick with Haswell for now?
When shopping for external drives recently I noticed that the majority of the USB3 drives on the shelf were 5400RPM. I was surprised because I normally consider a 5400 drive to be "ludicrously slow" but USB3 to be "pretty darn fast" (those are the technical terms for it).  If I'm looking for a drive that can handle reasonably fast transfers of large files (like system backups, movies, etc) at or around USB3 speeds, will a 5400RPM drive do the job? Or will it be the limiting factor such that I might as well use USB2 or pay the extra money (2-3x the price) for a faster drive?
[Edit] restated question trying to emulate a different format found in this request more closely.  I'm looking to have a mid-level virtualization and media server for an extended home environment, and I am looking to spend in the neighborhood of $1,000 (+/-$100) for the core components (MOBO, CPU, and Memory), as I have a case, a single power supply, and several HDD/SSD options on hand already. It will be running Windows Server with either server or client OSes for 2-6 simultaneous home users.   I'm used to AMD architecture, but I'm quite open to Intel if the costs seem to make sense, in terms of power to run it vs initial layout. Since the architecture is closely intertwined with the CPU and MOBO, I'm not sure how it's practical to separate the two, but I would say let's focus on the motherboard  Requirements   At least 32 GB (preferably 64GB) of non-ECC RAM (because I'm not made of money) At least 8 cores/threads Gigbit LAN (preferably 2 ports) or , for NAS access no bigger than Full ATX   Not Important   Lots of USB, SATA or PCI-E (whatever comes with is probably fine) Graphics interface (onboard or not doesn't matter to me)
I am looking for a simple solution for a (stereo) speaker.  I have a monitor that takes HDMI input from an AppleTV (3rd Gen). The Monitor does not have build in speakers, neither has the AppleTV. The TV does have a standard audio-out for headphones (3.5 mm). The AppleTV has a digital audio-out and bluetooth. It doesn't really matter which way I go, however I would prefer not to have to attach the speaker to a power outlet.  Are there speakers (like headphones) that work without any power consumption at reasonable quality / sound level?  If not, which speaker would you recommend that doesn't take up a lot of space and ideally I can attach to the monitor somehow?  I may also consider bluetooth speakers with built-in batteries, if you think they are the best option, but I would prefer suggestions for the two different variants above.  [EDIT]  After a little bit of research I'll try to use more precise terminology:  I am looking for passive speakers without an amplifier. Similar to this video, but maybe a little less self-made: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJRh43flvQ8 They should also be smaller than that and ideally attach to a monitor. They will primarily be for watching TV-Shows and Movies.
What is the best and cheapest flash drive that's most likely going to work to turn into a "BadUSB" BADUSB  I believe the controller must be Phison but I can't find anything for under 40$  My issue is I can't find any Flash Drive that's compatible to have the firmware changed. I found a couple but there +80$ . Do they have to be Phison or is there another flash drive compatible.  There is some confusion with a possible duplicate of my other question, I had to repost it because of it being on hold, I had edited it (Which should have taken it off "on-hold" but was never touched. It is There-for able to be reposted as it is no longer active.
I have a Fujitsu P1620 (CNET Review, 2008) that I want to add the Broadcom Crystal HD (Amazon) board to.  That means I have to re/move the mini PCIe Wi-Fi card.  The P1620 has a PCMCIA slot, so I've been looking into finding a flush Wi-Fi card where the antenna doesn't stick out.  The problem is, I can't seem to find one.  I am looking for a PCMCIA (aka Cardbus) Wi-Fi adapter that meets the following criteria:   Fits into a PCMCIA slot 2.4 Ghz b/g/n support 150 mbps flush with the edge of the slot, or very close to it Reasonably priced  Windows support/drivers   Nice to haves   5 Ghz support 300 mpbs Cheap Well supported on Linux Promiscuous mode   This Ubiquiti on Amazon appears to fit the bill, but it's really expensive.  Which probably stems from it's high end name.  Alternatively a series of parts and adapters (PCMCIA, Expresscard, mini PCIe, etc) to fit into the slot would be fine.  The Wi-Fi antenna is still in the chassis (could be reused), or I could run a new one in the chassis.  USB PCMCIA + USB WiFi  I would prefer to not use USB, but will do so as a last resort.  USB is supposedly heavy on the CPU and I don't know if I will have enough room/ports for a suitable USB adapter and card in the case.  If you think you can make it work, feel free to suggest that solution, but be detailed.  If I were to do something like this, I would want to modify the card adapter so the USB Wi-Fi adapter sat further in, and potentially rig up some form of external antenna or connector.  Edits/additions  This would be a perfect form factor and antenna management system.  This particular card uses a different networking standard than is common today, so it won't work for my purposes.  This type of antennae seems popular for the cell cards, but I can't find any for Wi-Fi G or N.  A Wi-Fi version of this would be awesome.  Sadly, I was unable to locate one.  I snagged a cheap Ubiquiti (listed above) on eBay, but I would still like to hear other solutions.  The Ubiquiti seems to be supported by Linux, but I will have to engineer a protector for the antennae connectors, but that won't be too bad.
I'd like to buy a Bluetooth headset.  I have a long list of criteria, and have done some research.  From what I've found, the Plantronics M70 or M90 would be reasonable choices for me.  What's the difference between the Plantronics M70 headset and the similar Plantronics M90?  Please provide me with a comparison of the two products.
Primarily I am going to be using VS 2015 (Visual Studio) and later editions, so we can safely assume there is a lot of memory-hogging and processor-crunching. I need a laptop which wouldn't cost me time in terms of compilation/execution  Although I would prefer SSD, I am willing to look at other options like SSHD/HDD if they do fit the bill. Or a third option wherein I could buy HDD and then replace it with SSD bought separately.   Budget: $1000 Portability: I am going to be travelling a fair bit around the country, yes. But not frequently. Battery backup: ~4-5 hours at least Screen: 15" should be fine. SSD : 256 ideally. but am willing to go a little lesser here.   Again, though I prefer SSD for performance reasons, I am willing to look at cheaper alternatives which might give comparable performance like the SSHD.  Location is India.
I run a small business that handles credit card point of sales transactions over my business internet account.  Per some updated regulations with the credit processing company, they now have a requirement that the hardware used at my business be protected against certain attacks.  Here is the specific requirement:  "Implement anti-spoofing measures to detect and block forged source IP addresses from entering the network (1.3.4): In an attempt to bypass your firewall, cyber attackers will try and spoof packets using the internal IP range of your network to make it look like the request originated internally. Enabling the IP spoofing feature on your firewall will help prevent these types of attacks."  I am currently using a Linksys BEFSX41 network router, which has a firmware based firewall. However, I am having trouble determining if an "IP spoofing feature" is already part of the Linksys firmware or if I need to purchase a new router for this capability. My research so far shows that there are certain enterprise-level Cisco devices that explicitly mention this feature, but they seem to be outside of my price range.  What models exist that have this feature and are more reasonably priced than enterprise-grade equipment?  The network at my business is a couple of workstations, some network attached storage, a printer, and some point of sale devices. DHCP is enabled on the router firmware.  Please let me know if I can provide any additional information. I'm a bit naive in this area of computing.
My desktop PC does not have a HDMI port, but my TV only supports HDMI inputs. Is there any way of connecting the two that is    Cheap Reasonably reliable and Ensures a reasonable image quality   I have 2gb DDR2 RAM.Budget around 10 dollar or 700 to 900 indian rupees.
I need enough power to connect to the internet and run programs like Libreoffice.  I've actually got a Raspberry Pi2, and considering it's cost the performance is amazing, but still, it's a bit underpowered in my opnion for things like Youtube.   Still, with the 1GB limitation, you can't really run more than a couple of programs at once.  If you open a few tabs on the browser, the system hangs.    I understand the Raspberry Pi3 is out, and that it's a bit faster. But I imagine the exact same problems would occur opening multiple tabs on a browser, or running more than a couple of programs at a time, considering it's 1GB RAM memory.  There is another system I'm interested in, the Odriod-C2, also with a quad core processor, but running at 2ghz rather than pi3's 1.2 ghz.  And, the network connection is faster, as I understand it, running directly off the motherboards bus instead of hitched onto the USB2 bus, as in the pi2 and pi3.  And, the Odriod-c2 has a whooping 2GB RAM memory, twice as much, so I should be able to have twice as many programs or tabs on my browser open.  On paper, it looks like the Odriod-C2 would be cheapest ARM computer capable of running a Linux Desktop "smoothly" at $40 for the board, vs $35 for the pi3 (although it includes wifi and bluetooth on the board)?  Which one of these two options suits my situation best - or are there better alternatives?
I am planning to build a very high end deep learning machine with as many Xeon or i7 CPU cores and as many Titan X GPU cards as possible on a single motherboard. So what is the maximum limit for this? Which motherboard will give the maximum leverage without getting saturated?  The single motherboard assumption is to minimize latency keeping in mind the broader goal of extracting maximum performance from the system.  Answers to the comments to make it very specific:     Standard form factor or proprietary?   Standard preferred but not mandatory      Is more GPU sockets or more CPU sockets the priority (eg. would you rather have 2 GPU/4 CPU, or 4 CPU/2 GPU)?    More GPU sockets is the priority.     How important is memory? Do you have a price limit? Do you have a topology requirement?    Not much importance, even 64GB is OK. No price limit. Should not be saturated.  What is required from the hardware:  Run as many CPU and GPU intensive individual and possibly containerized applications as possible without getting bottle-necked by memory or topology of the mother board. The motherboard may not be easily available so can also suggest whom to contact to get one. Supermicro seems to offer some solutions .
I want to buy an LED projector.  It must support HDMI input. 1920x1080. I want to play video games at that.  It must support large screen size with 120 inch a minimum.  Sound is optional because I will have my own speaker. 3D is very optional.  I will use it to watch movie, play games, and yes work. I like to work at big TV.  Price range is between 500-2000 USD. I know Acer [H6510BD] is good enough and meet the spec. I want to know if there is anything even better.  One of the thing I consider is Acer H6510BD 3D Home Theater Projector.  I am willing to pay extra for true 3D (I can play diablo with glasses). I want passive 3D.  3D is unnecessary. I prefer higher res thank 3D. I definitely do not want active 3D glasses. It seems that most 3D glasses for projectors are passive am I right?  I also want very long lamp life. I am going to use this projector for most of my waking hour. I work and play and watch movie at the same screen. Yap the screen will run windows.  I am currently comparing these projectors. None of them I like most because I really don't need that 3D feature. But hei, I might as well enjoy it.   Benq-mw526 doesn't seem to have required resolution but show up in amazon if I search for 1920*1080 Optoma GT7 doesn't seem to have required resolution but show up in amazon if I search for 1920*1080 Acer-H6510BD my most preferred one BenQ MH680  second fav. what's the difference? more noisy? ViewSonic PJD7822 ViewSonic PJD7820HD Mitsubishi HC3800
I suspect that my video card burned after upgrading the RAM from 1gb to 2gb. The screen has a purple tint. When I downgraded it to 1gb, the purple tint is still there. What could be the problem here? And I am planning to change my GPU. What should I buy?  PC Specs: From system properties:   Windows 8.1 Pro Intel Core 2 Duo CPU E7500 @ 2.93 GHz 2.94 GHz 2GB RAM 32-bit Operating System, x64-based processor   From DxDiag Display Tab:   Intel G41 Express Chipset BenQ GL950A Monitor
Is it true that passive 3D projectors would require some special screen?  If so why?  I definitely hate active 3D glasses.
In my band, we want to upgrade our gear for recording and monitoring and have some kind of studio environment in our band room.  Unfortunately, I don't know the possibilities of all those different kinds of gear and don't know what I would need exactly to fulfill our requirements.  What we want is to have monitoring via headphones in our band room and also possibilities to record our songs properly, ideally with multiple tracks.  Our first plan was to simply buy an analog mixer with 4 Aux tracks. That way, each of us (we are four people in the band) could get a separate mix into their headphones (correct me if I'm wrong) and we could record, but only with one track (or two at max)  So, we would need an interface with enough tracks (e.g. something like that) With that we could route the output of the tracks from the mixer into the interface and then in our DAW, am I right?  Is there another possibility for our requirements? Another solution would be a digital mixer, but they are quite pricey =)  What do you think would be necessary?  Regarding the price, for the whole solution (headphones and individual headphone amps or something alike not included) for 500 or 600 bucks would be nice, 1000 as absolute maximum.
I'm desperetely looking for a products similar to the Behringer ULM100USB but that actually works with Macs...  Does any of you know something like that? Don't point me to radio-based stuff... I'm looking for solutions with a USB dongle that transmits/receives the mic input via bluetooth/wifi.
I'm reconfiguring my home work environment and one of my ideas is having both a sitting and a standing desk (seperate). As part of this though, I'd like to continue to utilize the same computer between the two desks, instead of finding a way to migrate work between the two in a way that isn't disruptive.  I'm looking for a reverse KVM switch. Instead of forcing one set of monitors and keyboard/mouse to service two (or more) computers, I'd like one computer to be able to swap between two different sets of monitors and keyboard/mouse but support "modern" monitors - HDMI - and keyboards (USB instead of PS/2)?  I've found things like Belkin's Reverse KVM, but that only has support for VGA and PS/2 connections.  Device Requirements:   Support for two sets of multi-monitors (at least Dual Screen per set up - total of 4 monitors). Support for USB Keyboard and Mouse connections  Swapping between the two sets of hardware should be as simple as a keyboard short cut or a button press on the KVM itself Budget is around $150. If that's not realistic, I'm flexible on this aspect Should have either "long" cables between the two hardware sets or support both HDMI and USB extension cables. The two desks are on opposites sides of a shared wall. Extra points for USB sound/microphone connection Needs to support Windows currently and potentially OS X in the near future.
I have an eyesight problem and have trouble seeing presentations on the screen when I'm in conferences or in group meetings. I am currently using an application called Eye Glasses on my iPad for this purpose, which has a nice zoom capability but the problem is that I need to turn it very much toward myself to be able to focus on the presentation (which is usually shown on a screen located on the top of the wall).  I am now looking for a camera/webcam that I can mount on my macbook's screen or on my iPad with the following characteristics:   It must be tiny (ideally like a spy camera) so it doesn't catch the attention of the presenter or people who are sitting around me (most presenters are not comfortable with being on a camera) It must have zoom capability so I can zoom in depending on my distance from the screen It must have tilt capability (adjustable angle) so I can focus on the presentation depending on my vertical distance from the screen by just turning the camera (without having to adjust the angle of my macbook's screen or my iPad).   I need to emphasize that I do NOT need to record the presentation. Just seeing the screen would be more than enough for me.  Any ideas as to what options I may have?
What would you recommend for rendering on GPU (iray, V-Ray RT, VRED) and doing some VR; two GTX 970 or one GTX980 Ti card? I can get these setups for roughly the same price.   Cuda cores   970: 2x1664 = 3328 980Ti: 2816  VRAM   970: 4GB 980Ti: 6GB  Memory Bandwidth    970: 224 GB/sec 980Ti: 336.5 GB/sec  Texture Fill Rate   970: 109 GigaTexels/sec 980Ti: 176 GigaTexels/sec    I know that the memory in two 970 does not add up to 8gb in total, so two 970 will give me less VRAM. But what about the total number of CUDA cores compared to the lower amount of VRAM and lower memory bandwidth?   My motherboard has 3x PCI Express 2.0 x16 slots with support for 3-way SLI. I also have my old GTX 590, that I was thinking of keeping for Windows to work with.  Cheers!
I'm looking for a not so smart, classic phone mainly used for calls and SMS.  Requirements:   backup and restore contacts, messages etc. with a PC running Linux high quality and durable construction good call sound quality MP3 audio support with 3.5mm jack microSD card support for MP3 files microUSB charger price range up to $100
I am starting a home server build. I am on a tight budget and aiming for the most quiet and low power build. I managed to salvage an Intel Xeon X3440 Processor from an old server. It uses an intel LGA1156 socket. After a brief google search it seems that the only boards that support this processor are server grade boards. I am looking for a recommendation for a low cost server board that will support my processor.  Link for CPU: http://ark.intel.com/products/42928/Intel-Xeon-Processor-X3440-8M-Cache-2_53-GHz
I just built a new machine based on an Asus x99a/3.1 motherboard and 5820 cpu. I do video production and web development. Im running windows 10 and my main os drive is a samsung 950 pro 512mb (Probably overkill).   I want to be able to edit 4k video on my machine using premiere pro. I currently have 2 ssds in addition to my system drive and a hd. 1 ssd for storage of current video I'm working on and 1 as a scratch disk and the 4tb drive is where I archive.  The problem I'm running into is all the raw video storage. I currently shoot every thing in 1080i5994. I'm shooting an event and coming home with 250gb in video that I need to edit, archive, produce tv shows with and burn to dvd/bluray for sale. I shoot about 3 events a month right now and am starting to run out of space on my 4tb internal drive.  I think the way I want to go is with a raid array in my system of 4 - 4tb western digital black drives. Then for backup I will get either an external nas to copy the data to or just use external usb3 drives then take them to the bank or somewhere safe to store them.   I dont have a lot to spend, probably about 1k for now but I will expand as I grow. I was thinking I would just do a Raid5 array in windows with the 4 4tb drives giving me 12tb of working storage and then I would back up outside of the machine. Or should I get a pcie card of some sort? I was looking at this one. I'm not entirely sure which way would be the most cost effective vs performant. Am I looking at this wrong?
I would like to solve three problems with a single (USB) device:   Camera Audio-Out Audio-In   I believe more and more of those home monitoring solutions have those things combined into one device (e.g. the Nest Cam).  However, I don't want to have to go through some cloud storage solution and instead get direct access to the audio and video signals, because I would like to use this with a Raspberry Pi (3).  Any recommendations which USB driven camera would work with the Raspberry Pi (3) and also features a microphone and speakers?
I am trying to setup a laptop for my grandparents for video calls, who certainly don't know how to use most technologies.  My plan is to setup a video chat app on boot and use a reliable command-line interface (CLI) to pre-select numbers for them. There will be only two numbers/addresses, mine and my brother's. I have been looking for video chat app that provides an official, long-term-supported CLI on Linux. Google Hangouts and Skype both have third-party CLI, which may not be up-to-date with the official releases in the future. If my grandparents accidentally update the app, the whole setup may break.  The choice of laptop is also crucial. The most important feature here is durability, because the laptop may be dropped to ground accidentally, or a cup of water may go directly onto the keyboard. CPU is not an issue as long as it is enough to power Linux kernel and the app, because video-call is IO-bound I believe. Hard-disk size doesn't matter, and 4GB of RAM is good enough.  I'd love to let my grandparents skip the steps of starting apps, logging in, selecting video calls, push numbers/addresses etc. For that I will need to setup a bash or other scripts to do these with CLI on boot. That is also why I want to install Linux on the laptop (mainly because I am not familiar with Windows' shells...)  I have been looking at rugged notebooks like Toughbook, as well as Lenovo Thinkpad. Do you guys know about anything more suitable for my grandparents?
I'm looking for some cheap and mobile computer. The PC will be a server, so it needs to be able to connect to the Internet (preferably by wifi as well as ethernet), and connect to the monitor.  Other than that, priorities are processing power, energy usage and price.  I was thinking of a Raspberry Pi, but I've heard somewhere that there are often better/cheaper alternatives. What would you recommend for me?  The price cap is ~40$
I am a game developer who mouses quite a lot for programming, audio editing, graphics editing, video editing, gaming and many other tasks.  I need a good and reliable wired mouse I can use with either hand, as I am constantly switching hands when working.  Features I need:   ambidextrous at least five buttons scrollwheel that gives feedback wired reliable enough that lasts for a few years of heavy mousing reliable scrolling plug and play. No drivers so it works out of the box in whatever operating system I choose   Things I don't need (but can live with)   lighting programmability high dpi strange designs   Things I don't want   drivers wireless tons of buttons   So in general I am looking for an advanced professional mouse as opposed to a gaming mouse. Not unlike the das keyboard for keyboards.  For many years I used the IntelliMouse optical, which was great except for some scrolling issues until Microsoft decided to can it.  The proposed replacement, which I believe was the Comfort Mouse 4500 had a very loose scrollwheel that scrolled just by resting your finger in it.  After some research I moved to the SteelSeries Sensei RAW, which pretty much has everything I need, but the scrollwheel very often scrolls incorrectly, enough for it to be annoying. This has happened with two separate mice, and many users report similar problems.  I know the scrollwheel is a difficult part to get right, as it moves a lot inside and out of the mouse, catching dust and other stuff, and that is why I am looking for a well built mouse to stand the rigors of scrolling a lot.  I also wonder, why isn't there a category of high quality non-gaming mice?
I'm looking to replace my existing development laptop (java, .net, android apps, etc).  I usually run a number of virtuals (some windows and some linux) so at least 32GB RAM is a must.  Here is what I am looking for in general:   32GB RAM (or more) i7 processor 17" screen ( or larger ) keyboard should have 10-key number pad and have great tactile feedback (not like my kids' cheap laptops that I can barely type on) Linux as the host OS (it can come with Windows as long as I can upgrade to Linux and all the components are compatible)   What I don't really care about:   weight (if it weighs 10 pounds or more, that's fine) high-end graphics capabilities, although I will want to drive a couple or three monitors for all these virtuals, so maybe I need something decent.  However, I won't be gaming with it. touch screen   Budget $2500-$3000  Does such an animal exist?
I'm looking to self-build a PC that will last at least 4-5 years without needing upgrading. I will be looking to dual-boot Windows and Linux, run Adobe CS programs from Photoshop through to After Effects/Premiere, and want something that will be capable of smoothly running 3D modeling software in the future (or at least be possible to expand to be capable of this in the future).  I'm new to the world of hardware, so may be way off the mark - please be kind.  Is it worth getting an Intel Core i7 or should I opt for an i5 for now? Do I need a Hex core or can I stick to a quad? I've seen getting a SSD is worth it. Any recommendations?  Is 8GB memory enough or should I plump for 16GB?  How high spec a graphics card do I need? Is this up to the job: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Gigabyte-Nvidia-Graphics-Card-PCI-E/dp/B00NM3BWVS ?  Do I need a GPU?  Thanks for any advice you can give!
For reasons I'll not get into I'm seriously considering dropping my smart phone and purchasing a feature phone for use for at least a few years.  I'm looking for a simple phone but I'm not completely ready to just give up all features that come standard with all current smart devices.  Specifically, I have a wife and a couple of kids and their is something to be appreciated about having the ability to pull your phone out of your pocket and take a good (enough) photo for family history.  However, I'm not interested in having a devices that REQUIRES a data plan, has an app store, has a built in GPS, etc.  I'd like just a simple phone with the basics (voice & texting) and a rather decent camera, that can be used with most carriers in the US.  Does such a device exist?  From my own personal research, you have two options.  You can get a sophisticated, capable smartphone with more-than-you-need functionality, or you can get a really, really basic phone that does nothing more than offer voice and text and MAYBE an MP3 player baked in.  I'll also say that cost doesn't matter.  I'd rather not spend $600 on a feature phone but if one exists that's a bit rugged (e.g. can realistically work for 3+ years), has an exceptional camera and has a responsive UI... I could probably convince myself into buying said device.  EDIT - October 2018  Well, I never got that feature phone years ago but that's partly because I never found the one I was looking for. I am still interested in such a phone, if it even exists.  I changed the title to reflect that it needs to work in "North America" since Canada largely uses the same general technology specifications (as well as I'm aware.)  That said, I'm not opposed to importing a good phone from, say, Japan.  It's my understanding that the Japanese culture generally has an appreciation for feature phones more than western cultures.  If they have phones available that are basically a really good, high quality phone+text+camera setup, I'd gladly import it to the US, assuming it should work with most carriers.
Is there a docking station that is compatible with both 13" MacBook Pro (2015 model A1502) and a Surface Pro 3?  I am looking for one that has 1. Connectivity up to two monitors (DVI/HDMI/VGA) 2. Ethernet adapter 3. 1 USB Port 4. Portable
At the moment I am using this computer:    Motherboard Name: Asus P8P67 (3xPCI, 2xPCI-E x1, 2xPCI-E x16, 4xDDR3 DIMM, Audio, Gigabit LAN, IEEE-1394) Motherboard Chipset: Intel Cougar Point P67, Intel Sandy Bridge   CPU: Quad-core Intel Core i7-2600K, 4400 MHz (43 x 102)   RAM: 16GB (4x4GB DDR3-1600 SDRAM) DIMM1: G Skill ECO F3-12800CL8-4GBECO -- 4GB DDR3-1600 SDRAM (9-9-9-28 @ 800 MHz) (8-8-8-25 @ 711 MHz) (7-7-7-22 @ 622 MHz) DIMM2: G Skill Ares F3-1600C9-4GAB -- 4GB DDR3-1600 SDRAM (11-11-11-28 @ 800 MHz) (10-10-10-27 @ 761 MHz) (9-9-9-24 @ 685 MHz) (8-8-8-22 @ 609 MHz) (7-7-7-19 @ 533 MHz) (6-6-6-16 @ 457 MHz) DIMM3: G Skill ECO F3-12800CL8-4GBECO -- 4GB DDR3-1600 SDRAM (9-9-9-28 @ 800 MHz) (8-8-8-25 @ 711 MHz) (7-7-7-22 @ 622 MHz) DIMM4: G Skill Ares F3-1600C9-4GAB -- 4GB DDR3-1600 SDRAM (11-11-11-28 @ 800 MHz) (10-10-10-27 @ 761 MHz) (9-9-9-24 @ 685 MHz) (8-8-8-22 @ 609 MHz) (7-7-7-19 @ 533 MHz) (6-6-6-16 @ 457 MHz) Graphics card: AMD Radeon HD 6800 Series 3D-Accelerator: AMD Radeon HD 6850 (Barts)   Power supply: be quiet - Dark Power Pro (80 Plus Gold) - Model: BQT P9-550W   case: AeroCool RS-9 Professional   Unfortunately, I'm extremely bad at hardware. The graphics card is now broken and I need a new one with the following requirements:     Hopefully better than the old one, but at least the same performance A GeForce One that supports GPU rendering (the old one does not, at least Adobe Premiere is telling me) And of course one that fits in the system   Do you know a graphics card with these specifications? I thought that I can get such a graphics card with a maximum of 600€. However, I am also willing to go a little higher if this is necessary, but I don't think so, based on amazon and co.    UPDATE at the moment there are only two graphic cards mentioned in this thread: GTX 980 and GTX 980 TI. the first is relatively old and the second is not (yet) supported by adobe. Is this support guaranteed in the future? or does somebody has an other GPU idea? maybe with a similar performance?
I have Intel Compute Stick which has HDMI male connector as output which I would like to connect to Macbook Pro which has HDMI port (female), USB and ThunderBolt Mini DisplayPort. My goal is to see the screen of the device on my laptop screen.  I've tried to connect the device to MBP HDMI port, but it doesn't work, so I assume I need to purchase some converter.  What I need to have in order to capture display output from the stick device?  Would ThunderBolt to HDMI adapter cable would work in that case, or some kind of virtual webcam or anything else? I've no budget limits (just reasonable price to quality).
Looking for an HDMI switch that has at least 4 inputs (1 output) and can be controlled/automated (preferably over Ethernet).  The budget is highly flexible so long as the minimum requirements are met. If a higher budget grants extra features, I'm all ears but anything over $200 likely has over-inflated margins and is not really what I'm interested in. So long as there is something (free or otherwise) to control the switch either automatically or with something that can be automated relatively cheaply, I'd be happy. Any form factor is fair game.
I am looking for a small drive of some sort for a private server hosted using a desktop computer.  The server will be used as a private proxy.  I only need around 25-50 GB, but everything I find is 500+ GB Hard Drives.  Is there a fast and small internal drive, maybe flash memory?  It would be best to spend less than $20.  This is the smallest drive I could find on Newegg, but it is still way too large and it 3 times the price I am looking for.
I am looking to set up a system at work to replace our figures board that we hand write each week.    I would like; 50 inch screen, At least 1080p resolution, USB and Ethernet connectivity, Video out (HDMI or Display port etc.), It must also be wall mountable.    Ideally I have a budget of £1000 but can be a bit flexible. However the cheaper the better.  One display that meets all my needs is the Samsung DM48E/DM55E but this is a bit pricey.   Cheers
Is there a PC monitor (HDMI or DVI or VGA or USB) which has e-ink matrix?  My main goal is to get e-paper as standard display for work. For work with text, it is sufficient and it poses less stress on an eyesight.  Somebody can also expect from it to reduce CVS (Computer vision syndrome) and/or eyestrain.
I want to control several things like lighting via Ethernet using self developed android apps. For this reason I need a solid base hardware with the following features:  Must have   Rocksolid hardware which doesn't fail after warranty expiration (Like it is the case with the Google Nexus 7) Android OS Alternative stable Lolipop-based ROM available Rootable At least 7" display but not more than 8" Available in Europe Price not above 200€   Nice to have   Proximity sensor Light sensor Wireless charging Camera Microphone   Since the device will be only used as a remote control, performance doesn't matter that much.
Is there any WiFi USB adapter that works without any errors with the 802.11ac WiFi standard in the 2.4GHz and the 5GHz bands with USB 3.0?  I have a WiFi adapter (TP-Link Archer T4U), but it gives me a lot of problems (One being that TP-Link does not provide a driver for Linux...). There are problems when I try to change/read the power transmission, when I try to get the bit rate, etc.   So, I was wondering if there was a WiFi adapter that works with the 802.11ac standard and USB 3.0 that does not have so many problems and will work well.
I'm looking for a laptop that can sustain app, web developing and programming in different languages. I also play call of duty occasionally. Basically what I'm looking for is:   Intel core i5 6200U 1TB Hard Disk 2GB NVIDIA or AMD Graphics 4-8 gb Ram. Dell or HP.   My budget is around 660 US$.
I am in the market for a colour laser multifunction printer.  I have the following requirements:   Ethernet networking (RJ-45)  Duplex printing and scanning  Document feeder for scanning  Scanning and printing should be able to be initiated over network.  Good Linux compatibility   In terms of budget I would be looking ideally at less than £300.  I would consider a recommendation for a unit that would be a good fit that is available secondhand.
Several unresolved questions have been made in various online forums looking for any options that may exist for a USB to Ethernet adapter that supports multiple VLANs.  Past questions have often been sidetracked due to confusion as to what is being asked for.  The requirement here involves advanced Ethernet networking and the 802.1q standard / VLAN trunking - something that is typically not used in home or small-office networking.  This is something that would be more suited to the enterprise, or possibly someone working towards a networking certification.  The intent for this question is to act as a central source, and which can hopefully be cross-linked to with all other related posts.  Once a suitable solution is found or developed, an answer posted here will hopefully benefit everyone.  Related questions include:   USB to Ethernet adapter supporting multiple VLANs https://www.reddit.com/r/homelab/comments/3lzfuh/multiple_vlans_on_one_nic_in_windows_xpost_from/ https://communities.intel.com/thread/77934 (Various replies within) https://superuser.com/questions/291414/usb-ethernet-adapter-with-vlan-support-available https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc708341%28v=ws.10%29.aspx   See the 2012-02-02 comment regarding VLAN ID.    (Anyone please feel free to edit and add additional links as they are discovered.)  Unfortunately, there are 2 issues here:   No known USB-to-Ethernet adapters that provides a Windows driver (for any version of Windows) with multiple VLAN support. Broken support in Windows 10 for trunking support / virtual miniport drivers.   It seems that what we are looking for here is a bugger to search by - as even "802.1q" and "VLAN" aren't even good enough search terms. (We not only need "tagging", but also "trunking".)  (An attempt is being made to write this question in 3rd-person, assuming that it may become Community Wiki.  Please feel free to edit and contribute!)  No known USB-to-Ethernet adapters that provide a Windows driver with multiple VLAN support.  Take, for example, a StartTech.com USB 3.0 to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter NIC with USB Port (http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00ECQZM1A/).  It is based on the ASIX AX88179 Gigabit Ethernet Controller.  Listed features include "IEEE 802.1Q VLAN Tagging support".  This is what the related properties of the installed driver (1.16.11.0 / 2014-01-24) look like under Windows 8.1:     What is missing is any sort of trunking support / virtual miniport driver - such as the additional capabilities provided by the full driver installs of the Intel Advanced Networking Suite (iANS), the Broadcom Advanced Server Program (BASP), or the Realtek Teaming or Realtek Ethernet Diagnostic Utility.  The difference is, we could configure a switch port to provide access to multiple VLANs, and configure this adapter to choose which VLAN to be a part of - from the client device, not the switch.  Or we could add another unmanaged switch with access to the multiple VLANs, then use multiple of these or similar adapters - configuring each one to be on a different VLAN.  Something like this (link broken, but still available through the Internet Archive - please update if anyone can find a relocated copy):    Yikes!  With proper trunking support, however - everything could be done with one switch port, one wire, and one adapter - very efficient, convenient, and economical.  As @Flexo had noted, full 802.1 support is practically guaranteed to be available under Linux as long as the adapter works, as Linux provides all of the VLAN support by itself as standard feature of the kernel.  Windows, however, doesn't provide these services itself, and depends upon a vendor-provided driver package (e.g. iANS or BASP) to provide them instead.  Unfortunately, it looks like we're not aware of any USB Ethernet adapter that provides such a driver package for Windows, nor have we seen Intel or Broadcom creating any USB Ethernet adapters of their own that would compare to their internal components.  (Hint, hint!  Build it, and then take our money!)  One example from @ziesemer:   I  have the full capabilities on an aging (Dell Latitude E6500) laptop, compliments of the Intel chipset (82567LM) and driver (very similar to @bwilliot).   I would be very anxious to find a current replacement for this functionality as well - especially for usage with devices like the Microsoft Surface Pro 3 or 4. (The Ethernet controllers provided on the Surface Pro 3 or 4 docking stations are no better than the ASIX AX88179 - I checked.  It is also internally connected off of the USB, so I guess I shouldn't be too surprised.)   Broken support in Windows 10 for trunking support / virtual miniport drivers   https://www.reddit.com/r/networking/comments/3ghnvj/windows_10_realtek_vlans_disabled/ https://communities.intel.com/thread/77934   New supporting driver released on 2017-02-17 (following dependent Windows Updates).    Work Arounds  Now, using the Virtual Switch Manager in Hyper-V might be a way to support this under Windows 10 (similar to the above link) - but requires a new enough CPU to support the Hyper-V hypervisor.  Additionally, running Hyper-V at the same time as VMware or VirtualBox is not supported, and doesn't currently work.  One ugly work-around from @ziesemer:   Previously, I was running a minimal OpenWrt in VirtualBox as an ugly work-around.  Directly bind / bridge the one virtual network adapter to the physical LAN, then bridge additional network adapters to additional Host-only Networks within VirtualBox.  Obviously, this creates quite a bit of overhead, slows everything down, and the virtual network adapters don't support advanced features such as Jumbo Frames.
I bought the cheapest that Amazon has and found that the battery only lasted a few hours.  I would prefer to charge once a week, might accept once per day, but no less.  No fancy features necessary (maybe notification of incoming calls & SMS), as I want it primarily for telling the time, but also to program my own apps.  My budget is tight, can anyone recommend a cheap Android watch with decent battery life, which they have personally used for a while (maybe even programmed)?  Anyone at all?    [Update] almost three years later, has anything changed? Surely there must be soemthing for now? I would prefer sub-$50, but can be soemwhat flexible.   I need ot be able to add my own app to it, and it must have eitehr WiFi or BlueTooth, preferably BTLE.
So the most common copper twisted pair cable is 4-pair cable. Four pairs are used for 1 Gbps connection speed, while 100 Mbps connection uses only two pairs of four. So you can use single cable for either single 1Gbps or two different 100 Mbps connections. But it is decision you should make when you building your network for first time, since it will take some considerable time to rewire sockets on both ends if needed.  Which makes me ask: there must be some bright fellas who noticed possible benefits of being able to plug extra jack when needed (while sacrificing speed, of course)?  So is there RJ-45 socket, which you can switch between Single and Dual simply by replacing its front or pressing button?
Sounds easy, right?  NOPE!  In an attempt to do away with this dreaded message:    I am looking for a USB hub for my Macbook Pro that meets the following requirements:   Externally powered on all ports (the hub has its own power jack) USB3 support at full speed More than 4 ports Good reviews (>= 4 stars)   I am specifically not looking for, and am not interested in:   "Charging" hubs meaning:   Hubs that only supply power on a subset of the available ports,  Or hubs that only supply power without connection to the PC  "House brand" hubs such as AmazonBasics, Gigatech, etc. Too many bad experiences there.   Price is no object.
The time has come for me to upgrade from my nVidia GTS250 graphics card to a newer and better one. I'd like to go for the GTX 960 or 970 (4gb) series since I want to keep the card for the next 3-5 years. The rig I'm using now is old (bought 2010) and has the Asus P755H-V motherboard which supports PCIex16 2.0. The GTX cards are for PCIe 3.0 slots but I've read that they are also backwards compatible. Is it a big performance hit? Also is it compatible with the rest of the components?  Asus P7H55-V Intel i5 750 @ 2.66 650W PSU  I compared the power consumption of the GTX970 against my GTS250 and they are at about 150W so there should be no problem there.  I'm also planning on upgrading the rest of the components in the future but right now I can't upgrade the mobo because I'll have to upgrade the CPU too (due to socket restrictions) and I don't want to fork an extra 300$ right now.  Is this a good buy? Is there anything I should be aware of?
I recently got the new Dell XPS 13 9350. This model features the new USB Type-C; it has no other native port for connecting a display (HDMI, mini DisplayPort, etc..).  I've done my research and there are some adapters available, but the ones I have found are either ridiculously expensive, or have horrible reviews. Several on Amazon from companies I've never even heard of with reviews from people that were given the products for free, which I frankly don't trust at all.  Has anybody had any luck with a good adapter for USB Type-C laptops? I am primarily wanting it to connect to an external NEC 24 inch monitor. It has Display Port and HDMI connections available.   I've found a few like this that have multiple connections in one device, which seems like it would be really convenient. Dell also makes their own that even includes Ethernet, but it's $75! Some reviews I read talk about BIOS issues that may keep these from working at all (scary).  Is this to be expected since USB Type-C is still fairly new? I feel like there has to be a cheaper and better solution.
I have no real knowledge about hardware. My ssd hase failed now and i need to look for another one and preferable a big one (total 250-500 gb). And what would be the price range for it?  This is what i have now: (it's stacked in raid so have 2 of them)
So... I am buying a new laptop and I could use some recommendations.  What i am looking for:   good keyboard and trackpad (this is very important for me) at least 4-core i7 processor any graphic card which is better than the usual Intel HD Graphics XXXX (maybe something in the range of Radeon R7 M370) not bigger than 15 inch under or just over 1000usd   What I mean by good keyboard:  I am a MacBook user so I am used to the feel of their keyboard and super responsive multitouch trackpad. I've been told that Lenovo laptops also have some of the best keyboards on the market. Therefore I am looking somewhere in this direction. (also, backlight would be great)  What I have found so far:   Lenovo ThinkPad E560 (would be ideal if it had 4-core i7 processor) Lenovo IdeaPad Y700 (good, but a liitle expensive)   Do you have any other suggestions?
I want to build a fast computer but I have little space available to set it in. I don't really need to use a external GPU since I have little demand for graphics power, but I need a fast microprocessor since I will use it for software development.  Case:   The case cannot be wider and deeper than 12 cm and no taller than 6 cm. If this proves impossible to find, I can have a little bigger (at most twice on each dimension).  Processor:  Any microprocessor that is not soldered to the motherboard with performance similar or higher of an Intel Core i5-6400.  GPU:  I don't really have any requirement for the GPU as long as it can drive my Dell 2007fpb with VGA or DVI connecting at the resolution of 1600x1200.  Memory:   16 GiB or bigger. Can be any standard like DDR3 or DDR4, DIMM or SO-DIMM (not soldered).  Hard Drive:  240 GB or bigger SSD. Must be SATA (not soldered).  Network:  Wireless 802.11ac. Not a must have, since I can always buy a USB adapter.  Cost:  Under $800.  Previous research:  GIGABYTE GB-BXi5-4570R is a good candidate but the processor is soldered to the motherboard.
I am will be overclocking my Intel i7 6700K to 4.6 GHz and I am looking for a solid motherboard to go with it. Currently, I am considering the Asus Maximus VIII Hero (https://www.asus.com/uk/Motherboards/MAXIMUS-VIII-HERO/) as I know that the previous motherboard (Asus Maximus VII Hero) was very good and I have had a good experience with Asus so far. Could anyone recommend any other motherboards?  Must:   M.2 support. USB 3.1 support. ATX form factor. Under £200.
I'm looking into getting a used laptop on a budget, would really appreciate your suggestions.  My requirements are mostly ordinary:   Web surfing on modern browsers  Office suite AV Infrequent Photoshop use along with image/video conversion Using Virtualization software vmware workstation for testing certain apps.   I plan to exchange the default HD with an SSD (256 GB).  I'm assuming the default intel HD 3000/4000 or comparable GPU would be enough for smooth hd viewing and rare image editing and low/med end gaming?  Laptops:   $260 SONY VAIO PCG 81115L i7 1ST GEN Q740 1.73 GhZ 4GB NVIDIA 425M   [2010?] $316 SONY VAIO E-SERIES SVE151D11L i5 3RD GEN 2.50GhZ 3210M 6 GB 500GB 2012 INTEL 4000 GfX [2012] $220 TOSHIBA SATELLITE L775D S7305 AMD A6 3400M 1.40GhZ RAD HD 6520 GfX  [2011] $383 HP PAVILION DV6 6C53CL i7 2670QM 2.20GhZ 2ND GEN 8GB INTEL 3000 GfX [2011] $182 HP PROBOOK 4520 i5 1ST GEN 2.67GhZ 3 GB ATI HD 6300M GfX        [2011] $270 HP 14" ELITE BOOK 8470P i5 3RD GEN 2.50 GZ              [2012]   So far i have liked the 2 sony viao laptops.   I'm also confused about the generations, will an i5 3RD GEN 2.50GhZ 3210M be better/faster than i7 1ST GEN Q740 1.73 GhZ?  Please do note i will favor a longer battery life in exchange of 10% or less realworld cpu performance.  I will also appreciate if someone points out some of the potential pitfalls in buying a used laptop.   What non-obvious things i must check to ensure it's condition is good?
I plan on making a headless FTP server with OwnCloud on a RasPi or a low end used CPU.  I need this to be accessible over a 2.5km radius. Maybe I have to use a system of multiple routers to achieve this. I am not sure what kind of hardware is required.  At first I thought some kind of high power WiMax router but I don't what to get and whatever I do see with WiMax in the title turns out to be deadly expensive.   I'm not averse to building a Project Loon type craft work to empower the area. As a student, my objective is to empower this area that lacks proper internet connectivity with knowledge material such as an offline version of Wikipedia.  I need a router hardware recommendation. Looking for the cheapest solution with highest performance.
I have a Nvidia GeForce GTX 550 Ti - I did have two but one expired.  looking for a similar replacement to run a single TV through HDMI, the current card runs two monitors.   Do I need to be looking at the same brand or spec?  Or will it work with anything?   I expect it to be showing webpages most of the time. I have it set up as an over head monitor that'll I'll be using to collect reference materials.  As I won't be using it for games I'd like to keep the price as low as possible.  My main concern is in order to achieve this I'll need to buy two new cards because I can't see this one for sale.  Rig:   CPU: Intel Core i5 2500K Operating System: Microsoft® Windows 7 Professional    64-bit Motherboard: P8Z68-V LX Memory:16.0GB Corsair 1600mhz    Vengeance (4x 4GB) Graphics card: 1 x NVIDIA GeForce GTX 550 Ti 1GB Sound card: Onboard 7.1 Audio Case: Xigmatek Asgard (20 x 41 x 48 cm) PSU:    700W Xigmatek
I am hoping to install a projector in our office space to stream to from laptops/macbooks/tablets etc. However due to the layout, we can't easily run cables from connecting devices to the projector.   Are there any solutions to solve this issue? Wireless projectors seem to just be Miracast enabled and so will not support anything other than Windows 8.1+ and android 4.2+ devices. Are there any truly wireless projectors?  I don't have a real budget but under £1000 would be nice.
I am currently looking at buying a HP Zbook Studio with an Intel Core i7-6820HQ, and I am looking at buying RAM separately. The best option on the HP website is 32 GB 2133 DDR4 SDRAM (2 DIMM) (probably CL15). Let's assume that price is irrelevant.   I was looking at this option: Vengeance Series 32GB (2x16GB) DDR4 SODIMM 2666MHz CL18 .  My questions are:   Is this memory compatible with the ZBook? Will this memory run at 2666MHz or will the computer/cpu limits its use at 2133Mhz? What will bring me more performances: the 2666Mhz CL18 or the 2133Mhz CL15? How big the performance difference will be? What will be the impact of 2666Mhz CL18 compared to the 2133Mhz CL15 in terms of energy consumption?
In $200 price range, should I be looking at cards from AMD or Nvidia?
Referring to this answer (on stackoverflow) to develop application in Xamarin.iOS using Visual Studio on my Windows 10 PC i will need Mac with requirements listed below (it can be found in this link):   A Mac running OS X Yosemite (10.10) or higher (although we recommend the latest stable version). A Mac which can run Xamarin iOS SDK A Mac which can run Apple’s Xcode(7+) IDE and iOS SDK   If it has to be machine which will be used as a Xamarin Mac Agent (picture below) only I want it to be cheapest possible solution.     So at the end I will ask two questions:   What is the cheapest new Mac which will fulfill my requirements and how much I will have to pay for it ? What Mac should I look for If I will decide to buy used Mac and how much it will cost (theoretically, because of course price depends on condition and it can vary) ?   Used examples:   Will it be enough: MacBook A1342 which can be found for around $130 in my country?
Background: I am working on rebuilding my desk, the glass top broke, and finally got around to ordering and obtaining my glass top for the desk. As a hardware and tech enthusiast, I am going to make this desk host a large portion of my wires for about 3 computers which will be in close proximity of the desk. It's a decent sized desk, and I have big plans for it.  My desk top will be glass, so I plan on using this to my advantage by placing a monitor directly under the glass on the right side of my desk. This allows me to save space and have the monitor to stay clean. The problem is the space is limited so the max height is 11" and max length is around 17.5" of what can fit inside.  The dimensions of the space is 17.5" x 11" and here is a pic of the area (warning, tech support gore): https://i.imgur.com/zhIyQDE.jpg  Anything helps, but I do NOT want a USB monitor. I already have found one that is (USB 3.0) 15.6" and the problem is it not IPS and is a bad screen in terms of brightness and resolution (plus it uses CPU). You can literally not view it at another (other than level eye to eye) angle.   HDMI/DisplayPort input is ideal and close to if not higher than 1080p. IPS is ideal as well for viewing angles (unless any of you can give me an alternative suggestion), which is a monitor feature allowing one to view from any angle without fade.  TL;DR I need a 1080p monitor within 17.5" x 11"  EDIT : I have successfully put on the new glass top for my desk (which originally broke) so progress has been made! I will have to do some tweaks to the frame of the desk to make sure it can optimally support weight. Here is a picture of the glass top if curious: (will edit in later)  @johnkieran (In response to your answer): I think of the two monitors suggested, the ViewSonic VA2055SM seems to definitely be superior... The 1080p and the "SuperClear MVA panel technology" or "proprietary panel technology" seems to definitely rival the IPS. If not, I can just return the monitor after testing it (I will update this post if it does not work). I think this also may mean ViewSonic will be best for this size range as IPS is extremely rare at this size, especially while keeping the 1080p resolution.  Next current question would be reducing the size of the monitor to fit the 17.5" x 11" space under the glass. I need to find a guide to remove bevel/frame of the monitor. I still am not sure what would be ideal for reframing it... True, I may be able to use a wide variety of materials to reframe it, but the question is what would be ideal/optimal to use and how to apply it. I am wondering if some form of cloth, but I would have no idea how to apply it. I want the LCD to be fully protected, regardless of the glass (desk).  Some other monitors I have found that are close or noteworthy:  Dell D2015HM 19.5" Screen LED-Lit Monitor (Discontinued by Manufacturer) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B012AQIEVI/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awd_mCAdxb4MPA86Z  HP Pavilion 21.5-Inch IPS LED HDMI VGA Monitor https://www.amazon.com/dp/B015WCV70W/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awd_VCAdxbEDNVQSC  19" LED TV https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00LUCVWGS/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awd_mDAdxbAYYHNMC  SuperSonic 19-Inch 1080p LED Widescreen HDTV with Built-in DVD Player, HDMI Input, AC/DC Compatible (SC-1912) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0057IM9EU/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awd_EDAdxbFY1Q2B7  Thanks all! I hope to hear some more thoughts!
As developer (.NET), I require fast and reliable hardware. I do not care about thickness nor weight (I use such wonderful invention called table to hold my notebook while working!), what I value most is ergonomics (which is something computer manufacturers are getting rid of recent years).  I spent a lot of time investigating but I'm not really happy (also couldn't find any satisfying answer here). I'm summing up what I'm looking for and what I already found. Thanks for any input, consideration, hint or comment.  What I'm trying to find   ~14" notebook (width: ~340mm/13.4in, depth: ~233mm/9.2in ... yes, this is size of T420s) preferably matte display (non-glossy, anti-glare) possibility to upgrade RAM to 32GB - implies DDR4 RAM (and why so much?... I plan to use this machine for another couple of years + virtualization and other stuff running in parallel) i7 CPU, dual or quad core, ~3GHz good keyboard layout   no PgUp/PgDn close to arrows no Fn key required for Function keys or PgUp/PgDn/Delete/Insert/Home/End/Backspace Function keys grouped by 4 as on classic keyboard  decent (business?) look (very subjective, but let's use ThinkPad as reference again - nothing too fancy)   I'm not having any strict price criteria, it "just depends".  What I already considered:   ThinkPad T460s: crippled keyboard (PrtSc key position, PgUp/PgDn position) (as it has mostly same layout as any other machine on market, can't even say it's a mess... but it is, Lenovo!) Microsoft Surface Book: up to 16GB RAM, arrow key size, eject button between insert and delete, display is shaking when typing (watch some reviews), glossy (but 3:2!) screen Dell XPS 13: too tiny (12" footprint), just DDR3, no track point, up to 16GB RAM, glossy screen Dell XPS 15: too big, no trackpoint, glossy screen Dell Latitude, series 7000 (14"): up to 16GB RAM Asus ZenBook: too small, Fn to "Insert" key, PgUp/PgDn keyboard position (didn't check other HW specs) Toshiba Portege Z30: ... it's Toshiba, weird position of PgUp/PgDn keys, but slightly better than other models (didn't check other HW specs) Apple MacBook 13": Fn (Cmd?) key for PgUp/PgDn/Home/End/Backspace, no trackpoint, up to 16GB RAM, glossy screen (+ is it good for running Windows in regards of ergonomics?) Vaio Z (flip): 16GB RAM, no track point, glossy screen ... ThinkPad T420s - renewed: 16GB (DDR3) RAM (but also way much cheaper than anything else in this list)     TLDR: Wouldn't it be great if we could put today's hardware into T420s body?!  PS: If someone from Dell reads this, please fix up your catalogue on your web and/or product lines!  PS2: Nothing is going on with ThinkPad "retro" as stated: David Hill interview, CES2016 (== I heard only corporate excuses why not to do it, correct me if I'm wrong)
I'm a developer by trade, but I am not the most knowledgeable when it comes to the hardware side, so please forgive me if I am not detailed enough.  I would like to find an all-in-one (i.e., screen and OS in one unit) device to run a Linux distro. on (preferably pre-installed).  It will be used for digital, in-store advertising (for an example, see here), so for security's sake, minimal functionality is important (details below).  What I have found on the market does not allow for any customization (i.e., access to the OS).  Attributes:   Screen (preferably not touch) and OS in one unit 10" screen, give or take; some flexibility can be afforded here WiFi At least one USB port Does not need to be very powerful.  A Raspberry Pi 3 has tested to be sufficient Sound output preferred, but optional   Cannot have:   Camera, microphone, or any other similar device capable of gathering information from the immediate environment Affixed keyboard
I'm working on a project where we're putting an interactive PC app in a public space.  Instead of a more expensive/fragile touch-screen display I am considering using an off-the-shelf gamepad (PC/XBOX) mounted in a holder like the ones you can demo games on at WalMart or video game stores... something like this:    Anyone know where I can find a mounting system like that?  It should lock the controller in, but allow for replacing the gamepad if it gets damaged.  Bonus points for solutions that don't involve modifying (disassembling/drilling) the controller itself.  Super bonus points for adjustable height to avoid this scenario:    Thanks!
I would like to upgrade my Lenovo S210 Touch from 4 to 8GB of RAM. I never did this before and I'm not sure what kind of RAM I need to buy. I think it needs to be a 8GB stick of DDR3L-SDRAM.  Overview:  Model: Lenovo S210 Touch Processor: Intel Pentium Processor Dual-Core 987 1.5 GHz w/ Intel HD Graphics Chipset: Intel HM76 Express Memory: 4GB PC3-10600 1333MHz DDR3L Max Memory Supported: 8GB Storage: 500GB SSHDD 2.5" SATA 6Gb/s 5400RPM   What RAM stick works with my device?
I intend to buy a 15.4-inch MacBook Pro 2.5&nbsp;GHz Quad-core Intel i7 with Retina Display. The latest edition offers AMD Radeon R9 M370X, while the previous one has a Nvidia GeForce GT 750M.  I will primarily be using computer vision and deep learning algorithms. So, there is heavy possibility of using CUDA too.  Which one should I opt for?
I am looking for a black/white laser printer.  Requirements:   No requirement for proprietary / non-free drivers No requirement for proprietary printer plugin Linux compatible using Wi-Fi / LAN   Bonus:   Black/white sufficient (color is needlessly more expensive) Android compatible Wi-Fi USB Scanning
I would like a fairly simple sound mixer/control for home use.   The main function for it, is to allow me to route multiple devices to my speakers, without having to switch cables around,  My current set up is:  Computer -> [USB] -> USB Audio Interface (Focusrite Scarlett 2i4) -> [RCA] -> Ground loop isolator -> [RCA] -> Amplified speakers (KRK RP6)   What I'd like it to look like:  Computer -> [USB] -> USB Audio Interface (Focusrite Scarlett 2i4) -> [RCA] -> Ground loop isolator -> [RCA] -> Mixer-> Amplified speakers (KRK RP6)                                                                                Smartphone -> [3.5mm -> [RCA] -> ^^^   Requirements:   At least two stereo channels RCA inputs RCA outputs. 1/4" (guitar jack) inputs 1/4" (guitar jack) outputs Simple 3 band eq. Volume control
I'm looking to buy a keyboard. My main activities are typing text and programming, not gaming.  Must have:   Basic 105-key layout. Either UK or French will do. A US keyboard is no good because it has one less key on the main pad. Available for purchase in the EU. That should follow from the layout anyway. Quiet. It doesn't have to be absolutely silent, but I derive no satisfaction from hearing the click of a keyboard, only annoyance. Keyboards should be felt, not heard. USB.   Preferences:   Agreeable for typing. I don't know how to describe this in technical terms. Unfortunately, where I live, very few shops have a selection of non-gamer keyboards to try out. Extra “multimedia keys. Ideally, with some keys to the left of the main pad. (I wish the standard layout of keyboards wasn't so imbalanced with the right hand doing everything outside the main pad!) Available in white. When the sun shines on it, it does make a difference.   Do not care:   Price isn't an object if the object is durable.   Do not want:   Fancy blinkenlights and other gamerz stuff. Keyboard should be felt, not seen. Fancy ergonomic layouts. I'm not good at switching between keyboard shapes and I need to stay used to mainstream keyboards. Flat keyboards without any touch feedback.
I am looking for an in ear monitoring system for the stage. I don't have the money for the high end products, but I want at least decent quality. My limit is 500€.  I am a singer and prospective guitar player in my band, and on stage I want to have an in ear monitoring system. I chose two systems:  LD Systems MEI 1000 G2 + Shure SE215CL  or  Shure PSM-200 with Shure SE112 Headhphones  Both seem to fulfill my requirements, which are:   wireless  two inputs, one for my microphone and one for future requirements decent headphones (?) correct frequencies (I live in germany)     I am not really sure which combination to use. The LD Systems solution is cheaper, so I would be able to use better headphones. In the solution from Shure it is in summary more expensive but I have only the SE112 Headphones, because they are contained as a set.  The things that matter to me are   interference free transmission and no/ low latency monitoring good isolation of the headphones and enough volume (metal band... pretty loud sometimes...) decent sound quality (I don't mind some static noise, but I should be able to recognize what I hear) durability of equipment   So, what would you recommend?
Here's the setup:    AMD Athlon 750k (4*3.4GHz, however I can probably bump it up to 4GHz) AsRock FM2A75M-ITX 2*4GB Team Elite 1333MHZ DDR3   For what graphics card should I get for casual gaming? This CPU scores ~2100 single-core and ~5700 multi-core on geekbench.  R9 280 seems good. GTX 970 would be perfect, though I'm a bit concerned it would be bottlenecked by this AMD CPU. Any other interesting options?     UPD: currently I'm gaming on retina macbook on 1080p. It's GPU scores 1300 on http://www.videocardbenchmark.net; sometimes FPS it just too bad.    UPD2: when investigating this question couple of days ago I've seen these places where people suggest r9 280 / 290 is a good match. I'd just like to hear couple more opinions though.   http://www.tomshardware.co.uk/answers/id-2553053/gpu-overclocked-amd-athlon-750k.html  https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/35e1mg/best_logical_gpu_upgrade_for_pc_with_amd_athlon/
Background  I'm owner of a Mac Pro (late 2013), and I recently bought a BenQ XL2411Z as primary monitor, and my "old" Mac Monitor as secondary one.  I bought also the BenQ because I wanted a better monitor (in terms of fluidity, and response time) for playing. So I chose this one for these things: 144Hz refresh rate & 1ms response time.  But there's a problem, I can't select 144Hz because I have the Single Link Adapter, so it works, but it's like the cable was a Single Link.  I saw the Apple Dual Link to DisplayPort Adapter, it seems that chasing a Dual Link DVI to Mini Displayport is the only solution, but it's like really expensive: $100 for the adapter.  Requirements  I need a low cost but reliable way to connect my Mac Pro to the BenQ XL2411Z so that it functions at the native resolution and refresh rate. The adapter has to be   Reasonably priced Support the ports found on the Mac Pro (late 2013) and the BenQ XL2311Z Able to function at the BenQ monitor's native resolution (1920x1080 @ 144Hz)
UHS-II(with 8 extra pins) supports much more speed than regular UHS-I microsd card, so I am going to buy a UHS-II microsd from (probably) Sandisk/Lexar. But I did not find any list of UHS-II supported phone/tablets.   So I want to know which smartphones/tablets support UHS-II.
Is there any commercially available USB drive (memory stick) that will automatically encrypt any file(s) copied to the drive, without needing to install or execute special software on the connected computer, except for a possible first-time setup (to choose the password, etc.)?  For example the Datalocker Sentry device supports auto-encryption, but only after executing a program stored on the stick.  I am looking for a device which can be connected to an industrial system with an embedded operating system (Windows CE), and encrypt files transferred to the memory stick through a standard feature of the system, without requring any modification of the system. The person initiating the transfer should not be able to read/decrypt the files on the USB device.  Edit: I will list below some USB-compatible storage devices featuring encryption that I have found:   StarTech S2510BU3PW 2.5in USB 3.0 SATA Hard Drive Enclosure with Touchpad AES Encryption. Actually a hard drive enclosure (separate hard drive needed), but could possibly be used in place of a memory stick? From the documentation I couldn't tell if you need to input the password to write to the disk. Lok-it secure flash drive: Device must be unlocked with PIN before use. Thus not possible to write to the device without also being able to read from the device. Aegis Secure Key and Aegis Padlock: Appears to work the samme way as Lok-It. Has read-only mode but not write-only mode. Iron Key: Similiar to the above. Audit trail generation might be possible using add-on Access Enterprise Server (likely expensive)? Gold Key: Similiar as above. Drive must be unlocked through an on-screen prompt before use. Corsair Flash Padlock: Similiar as above. Kingston Data Traveller: Similiar as above.   Edit 2: A device with the possibility of generating a full audit trail of all file transfers might be an acceptable alternative. For example, the Datalocker Sentry and certain Kingston Data Traveller models seem to be compatible with "SafeConsole" software.  I'm not in charge of or have any direct say over budget, but I imagine I should be able to justify an expense of $500-$1000, if we can avoid more complex data handling procedures/equipment to reduce the risk of data loss or tampering. Alternative solutions or the cost of inadequate data integrity might easily come to more than this sum.
I have an all in one PC from the mid-90s (Compaq Presario 3020 - See below). Based on the riser and from what I can measure (9" x 13"), it looks like an LPX form factor motherboard/case.  I want to bring it back to life and just do very simple stuff with it, e.g. file server or a Classic Arcade Game emulator.  Therefore, it doesn't have to be too powerful or need much cooling.  Which motherboard form-factors will be able to fit and line up the I/O ports without looking too out of place?  Bonus points if you can suggest an actual motherboard + CPU that isn't too expensive (new or used is fine)!
Currently planning an new high-end PC with high-end graphics card, 4x hdd, etc...  Want 0dB (silent) even under the high load, so no vent noise even from the PSU. For me the easy solution is: putting the PC into the another adjacent room.  Now the question: Looking for a piece of hardware which should contain:   power & reset buttons plenty of USB-2/3 connectors at least one usb-c connector 3x display-port connector   Because one picture worth 1000 words (and my english isn't the best anyway) here is one:    In short: Looking for a device (an extender) which will contain all of the connectors and buttons that the PC (in the another room) has. (distance approx. 3m).
I'm looking for a bluetooth mp3 player with playlists support. Playlists in preferably editable text format (m3u,pls,xml), and not in binary non-editable format.  I've been searching since quite some time, and found onn, fiio, sony, philips and apple to be providing bluetooth mp3 players, although none seemed to fit in $250 USD + playlists options...   I bought a ruizu mp3 player + 64gb sd/tf card, and it didn't turn out to be what I expected. Had bluetooth, but no playlists support for bluetooth. I accidentally broke it, and would buy it again if it had playlists support!  Anyways, please could anyone here suggest a bluetooth mp3 player with playlists within $250 USD price range? Thanks!  EDIT: Answer to the comment by LiveWireBT:   Can you please shine some more light on what your requirements for a "Bluetooth MP3 Player" are?    Do smartphones qualify? [yes! Even regular phones with play/pause buttons + playlists support in bluetooth] Which size? [not very big or heavy, similar to an ipod, although not very expensive.] Battery life? [85+ Hours] Bluetooth version? [2.1+ EDR] How much storage (SDHC/SDXC)? [expandable via SD/TF card to 64 gb.] Should it play audio in high quality stereo (A2DP) to Bluetooth headphones and speakers? [yes! Loud Volume + Quality of sound] Should it transfer files over Bluetooth (I can think of better ways)? [nope, file transfer not required.] Just support for MP3, no AAC, FLAC, Vorbis, Opus? [only mp3, and (if possible) m4a.] Hi-Res Audio? [I don't understand what High Res Audio might mean... I have (128-320kbps + 44100 Hz) mp3 files.] Podcasts? [nope] Is a touch screen okay or too big? [touch screen is fine!] A certain resolution if you eventually want to play movies? [nope]
I'm doing research on improving augmented reality experience and I'm searching for a technology, available commercially, that would offer a real-time 3D map of the environment.   Let me paint you a picture. I have an outdoor area in a form of a rectangle, 20x30 meters. In that area there is a person wearing one of the available VR headset that has two cameras on it, feeding the image to the headset. Now I need to place objects into the environment. Current prototypes have trouble correcting positioning the object in the real environment.   My idea is to use 3D mapping technology to solve this issue.   The scanners would be placed on key locations around the perimeter giving mesh or a point clout of the environment with decent refresh rate (few times per second would be nice).   Do you have any suggestions on the available technology that could be used? (cost is not an issue)
I currently have a Dell T7500.  The onboard RAID card can do RAID 0, 1, 10.  I would like to create a 1TB partition that has redundancy out of SSD's.  Currently I would be able to use 2 1 TB with RAID 0, or 4 500GB with RAID 10.  In order to save cost, I was thinking I could use RAID 5 with 3 500GB drives.  Is there a hardware RAID card that I could use that would allow me to use only 3 500GB drives?  The cost would have to be less than the 4th drive or it would not be economical to do.    Extras such as future expansion would also be nice.  .  Budget: 500GB drives are about $150. So between $100 and $200  For the connection type, PCI would be the standard. Having 4 SATA ports would be the most likely method of connection to the drives
I just got a new LG 31MU97-B that I'd like to hook up to my PC and Mac, but I can't find a [mini-/]displayport KVM switch that supports full Cinema 4k (4096x2160) at 60Hz, only UHD (3840x2160).  I'm hoping there's something that my Google searches have missed, or someone else has had luck with a UHD-spec'd KVM still outputting Cinema 4k by sheer luck. Thanks for your help!
Functional Requirements  I need a reasonably portable device that would allow people to use their laptops to connect via WiFi and navigate to a domain name I would tell them. The domain name would serve a web page that would have links to files for download that would be hosted on and served from the device.  Use-Case Requirements  My use-case is for making 1 hour presentations I would like to run like a mini-workshop so I expect to have ~25 people connected and downloading, all at the time same time.  What is the Specific Use-Case?  Basically I want give a presentation to people about how to set up an open-source local development environment for WordPress and so I need people to be able to download the required files to their computer at the start of the presentation.    Why These Requirements?  WiFi Internet tends to be slow and/or unreliable at the locations where I will be giving these presentations, and my goal is to get as many people to actually start using this local development environment I built as I possibly can so I want to ensure successful setup for as many people as possible.  Assumed Technical Requirements  Obviously the device will need to be a WiFi access point, it would need provide a web server, DNS server and DHCP server and the domain name such as downloads.lan would only be visible to them when they are connected to the device.  Non-Requirements  The device does  NOT need an upstream connection to the Internet. All it really needs to do is give them a special purchase WiFi access point to connect to, download files and then disconnect.    But Nice-to-Have  However a nice-to-have would be to have the device connect to an upstream Internet connection using DHCP -- in the case such a connection is available -- then proxy the traffic to the Internet (except traffic to downloads.lan), assuming the device could handle lots of connections. But again, that would just be a nice-to-have, not a requirement.  "Failed" Attempts Thus Far  So I have tried several things thus far that either did not work or that were far from optimal.  LibraryBox on TP-Link MR3040  My first attempt at this was to buy a TP-Link MR3040 and install LibraryBox software on it. Unfortunately, it took over 10 minutes to download the necessary files with only 1 computer connected; far too long. So the device needs to be fast; i.e. have lots of bandwidth.  Apple Time Capsule  I then looked at an older Apple Time Capsule I have. But it does not support a web server so it would be more technical to access, and it is on the very heavy end of portable.  This may be my fall-back, but I am hoping I can find something better.  Ubuntu + Hostapd + Lenovo IdeaCenter Q180  I then tried to set up an old Lenovo IdeaCenter Q180 I had laying around by installing Ubuntu 16.04 LTS and Hostapd, but I had a nightmare trying to get everything configured correctly all at once.    I started with Ubuntu Server but could not get it to connect to my WiFi -- which is necessary to download and install software -- so I switched to Ubuntu Desktop which has a GUI and thus I could get WiFi connected, but I could still not figure out how to get Hostapd to work. Evidently it needs to control the WiFi and yet Ubunutu Desktop does not want to let go of the WiFi.    I feel certain this would work if I could just figure out how to configure everything. I expect maybe I need to buy another WiFi adapter for Hostapd to use like maybe the TP-LINK TL-WN722N but I don't want to go down another dead-end and I am not much more than a beginner as Linux and I may not be able to figure it out on my own.  Summary  At this point I am happy to spend money to solve the problem. I am happy to buy a different device if you can point me to something that will work. (I'd even hire someone to build it if the fee was modest!) I just want something that will work and meet my requirements, and not take 20 hours of my time to get working.   Any suggestions?
I am looking for a qwerty, flat keyboard with the shortest travel distance and lowest actuation force possible. In other words, a keyboard that requires as little force as possible to type. The keyboard I'm looking for does not need to be mechanical, though.  Price and shipping locations are not an issue. (and it should be a keyboard, not a speech recognition software or some BCI device)    I know that the Cherry MX Red has 45 centinewton (cN) of actuation force but I find the travel distance to be too long (2mm to actuation, 4mm to bottom). I could customize the keyboard to be 2mm to bottom but that would be quite tedious, all the more so as I need more than one.    All other Cherry MX have pretty much the same travel distance:      (animated gifs from keyboardco, can be easily tried with a Cherry MX Switch Tester:    )  A few more comparisons from http://www.pcper.com/reviews/General-Tech/Mechanical-Keyboard-Switches-Explained-and-Compared:      I am also aware of the Topre 30g switch (e.g. present in the  Ducky 104UB Realforce Mechanical Keyboard and a few others), but it has a 4 mm travel distance.    (they seem to mostly sell in Japan)  Some specifications regarding the Topre Realforce 104UB Silent:      The Romer-G Mechanical Switches have a lower operating point (1.5 mm) and key travel (3 mm).   They are present in the Logitech G910 Orion Spark RGB Mechanical Gaming Keyboard (920-006385)  In the following graph, the blue curve is a Romer-G Mechanical Switch, the white curve of is a typical mechanical switch:      The newly released (June 2016) Tesoro’s Low-Profile 'Agile' Switches are quite interesting: the full travel of the switches is 3.5 mm. Unfortunately, they haven't announced the actuation force nor the operation point. video      The ErgoDox EZ (open source, released in 2015) has a 35 cN key switch but the travel distance is still 2 mm:    https://ergodox-ez.com/      Lastly, I have run across the Comfort Keyboard Split Magic Keyboard USB1-2BLK, as well as its non-compact version the  Soft Touch ErgoMagic Keyboard. It looks quite thin but According to one seller (Sam@fentek-ind.com, Monday-Friday 8a-4p Arizona MST, P: (928)639-0161   F: (928)639-0551) the key travel is 3.5 mm, and I don't want a split keyboard. (the seller also told me "we do not have a no split version of that keyboard and I do not have a plot of the key force and travel.")  There is a compact version:    As well as a non-compact version:
I am looking for desktop motherboard which could handle:   4 x nvidia k4200 quadro (4 x PCIe x16, gen 3 if possible) Intel Core i7-4790 4 x DDR3 slot  max. memory size 32 GB (at least) ATX format (if possible)   We would use them for cuda calculations we need full PCIe bandwith. You can suggest other configuration which will cost not much to upgrade.  Also I wanted to know how it is possible to handle 4 gpu with x16 with one cpu. Will it be better than 2 gpu
Im looking for recommendations for which router to buy for my new gigabit connection at home.   I have:   a 1000mbit/1000mbit connection a small apartment with no thick walls maximum three devices connected at the same time (ps4, laptop, stationary computer, phone)   I want:   wifi performance benchmarked with (very) good results (will mostly be used on 5ghz band and I want to be able to utilize as much of the potential speed as possible) good ethernet speed (will be connected to the stationary computer) preferably not overly expensive (300$)
I would like advise on what specific HDMI switch I should buy.  Here I assume a special HDMI switch will solve my problem, but I could be wrong.  My requirements:   I'd like a switch with a minimum of 3 HDMI inputs, forwarding up to 1080p. I would like analogue audio of the active HDMI input sent to my stereo, accepting RCA. I would like the HDMI switch to automatically select the active HDMI input. Specifically I would like to have my TV show the output of my PlayStation when I turn it on. Specifically I would also like to have my TV show the output of my ChromeCast when I start casting to it. Specifically I do not want my TV to show ChromeCast's pause screen when my PlayStation is turned on!   The last point is there because it's a point I'm concerned about.  How do automatic HDMI switches handle a continuous input signal when it's actually an idle signal? Do they select the most recently activated HDMI input if more are active? Is there a pause priority property in the HDMI specification that ChromeCast will use when idle - and if so, does it work?  I've found this device which comes close to the above requirements, but I'm unsure about how it handles #6.  I was going to ask the manufacturer, but I'd still like some feedback from you guys first.  I hope the above makes sense. Thanks in advance.
I'm thinking of adding a second Sapphire R9 390 to my computer to run in 2x crossfire.  Here are the parts I'm using:   CPU: Intel i5-6600k MB: Asus Z170-A ATX LGA1151 RAM: Kingston HyperX Fury Black 16GB (2x8GB) DDR4-2133 Storage: Samsung 850 EVO-Series 250GB SSD and Seagate Barracuda 2TB 3.5" 7200RPM Case: Corsair 200R ATX Mid Tower GPU:   Sapphire Radeon R9 390 8GB Nitro  PSU: EVGA SuperNOVA GS 650W 80+ Gold   The power requirements of such an upgrade would technically be covered by my current PSU, but only by a very small margin. Also, my PSU only provides enough cables for a single GPU.  The theoretical power draw is around 750W so I'm looking for something in the waters of 800-900W Fully modular and silent operation on idle are both big pluses.  High reliability is a must!  What would be a good model to solve this problem?
I'm looking for the best TV (in this price) which I will use for playing on PlayStation 4 and watching movies.  Most important features:   Price: ~$800 Screen size: ~50" Resolution: FHD (4K to expensive ?) Wi-Fi SmartTV: Yes (it can be any WebOS, Android, etc. but it has to run my DLNA server which is Mezzmo) Refresh rate: good for gaming and movies (120 Hz should be enough ?) Input lag: good for gaming and movies (40-50 ms will it be ok ?) VESA mount: Yes   Additional data:   Room size: 25 square meters Distance from TV: 2.5 meters Room light: really sunny room Watching direction: mostly from the front, occasionally 45 degrees when I will invite guests   Not important:   3D   My ideas:   Sony KDL-50W755C - specification - ~$780 (in my country) LG-50LF652V - $660 (in my country) Philips 50PFH6550/88 - $780 (in my country)
I have a P-FD128TBOP-GE and it's generally good, except:   It's shown signs of corruption on a few occasions (but that seems to have stopped...) It's too big/a little uncomfortable in my pocket!   However, it's 128 GiB, achieves a ~100 MB/s sequential write speed in practice (not just benchmarks!), and is capless (good, because that means I don't have to worry about losing the cap).  Is there any flash drive that satisfies these conditions while also being noticeably smaller, ideally like one of those "nano"-sized ones? Note: I want something that won't easily break off a keychain. I'm specifically looking for fast write speeds; for me that's at least ~80 MB/s. If it has other good properties I might be a bit flexible here and go down to like 60 MB/s, it depends, but generally I want at least 80 MB/s.
I need to connect the display of my MacBook Pro to my Dell 22N700 (22 inch) monitor, wirelessly. Currently I use an HDMI cable. Please suggest. It would be great if that device works with Windows 10 as well.
I am looking for a managed switch, which can show the current status of the ports (Up/down, speed, duplex if possible). If it's possible < 50 €  and 8 ports would be ideal.  Preferably, but not strictly required, the MAC table associated to that port.  Would be nice if the status could be read easily, if it's a web interface it should do, scraping the status may not be the best, but should do. Telnet/SSH would presumably be better, but I don't know if there are products in that price range.
I was recently recommended a set of smart cards that don't feature key backup methods. However they do have a way to import plaintext keys, meaning a key ceremony is the way to go for key redundancy.   This yields very special requirements for a laptop being used for this ceremony for which I'd like to ask for a recommendation.  Requirements:   Must feature a removable battery Must feature a (somewhat easily) removable BIOS battery Must feature a removable drive Must be able operate without a persistent storage drive Must be able to boot from a CD / DVD either via USB or internally Must feature at least three USB type A ports Must be able to operate with Linux derivatives Should have as much open-source firmware or security certifications as possible Price should be sub 500 USD if possible
I am looking for a Cherry MX Switch Tester that contains an MX Silver (a.k.a. MX Speed). It should be below 50 USD. (otherwise I'll just purchase the entire keyboard)    All the Cherry MX Switch Testers I have found so far does not contain an MX Silver. Examples:  WASD Cherry MX Switch Tester (16 USD) contains:   6 Different Cherry MX Switches: Cherry MX Green, Cherry MX Clear, Cherry MX Red, Cherry MX Black, Cherry MX Brown, and Cherry MX Blue 6 of each type of sound dampening O-rings: Red 40A-L and Blue 40A-R     Max Keyboard Keycap, Cherry MX Switch, O-Ring Pro Sampler Tester Kit  (22 USD) contains:   [Cherry MX Red(1), MX Black(1), MX Blue(1), MX Brown(1), MX Green(1), MX Gray(1), MX Clear(1), MX White(1)] Sound dampening 50A (0.4mm reduction) rubber o-ring (Qty: 8)
I'm looking for electromagnetic field reader as demonstrated in the this documentary (shown below):    Or some similar device which can do the same (measure EMF fingerprint of the placed object).
There exist several Cherry MX Switch Testers. I am looking for a Topre Switch tester.  Ideally, it should contain the same key switches as the ones used in Topre Realforce. The price should be cheaper than buying the full keyboard. I do not mind about shipping constraints.    So far, I have only found this Switch Tester, which contains only one Topre Novatouch switch (and 5 Cherry MX: Black, Red, Brown, Blue, and Green switches). I would like more Topre switches.
I just can't get used to smartphones without a physical keyboard.  A couple years ago I obtained Sony Xperia Mini Pro, which at the time was the last slider phone released. I'm still using it, but it's getting really old now, the internal storage insufficient for updates of essential apps despite moving everything I could move to SD.  I didn't really follow the phone market ever since, and all I know all the flagship phones are just touchscreen, no physical keyboard nowadays. But I don't know if someone didn't attempt a "revival", "niche market" or such releases.  Is there any newer, better smartphone on market, in the slider form factor - newer, better than Xperia Mini Pro?
My HP Photosmart B110a worked fine the first couple of times I refilled the cartridges. Now it has given up with an error.  Is there a printer on the market which will accept refilled cartridges?
I have a computer from 2001 whose power supply probably needs to be replaced soon (the fan sometimes makes noises).  It is currently using a 10-year old FSP400-60PFN 400 watt PSU.  Power supplies from that era output the vast majority of their power on the 3.3V and 5V rails.  As you can see from the FSP400-60PFN specs, it could output 235W combined on the 3.3V and 5V rails.  It seems modern power supplies output the vast majority of their power on the 12V rail.  One modern 430W PSU only outputs 120W combined on the 3.3V and 5V rails.  Even a 1600W PSU still only outputs 120W combined on the 3.3V and 5V rails.  I could try to get a used 2001-era power supply, but I'm not sure how reliable it would be since it may suffer from the "capacitor plague" problem of that era.  Are there any modern power supplies that output the vast majority of their power on the 3.3V and 5V rails?  It'd be nice if it had Molex connectors too.
I am owning i5 plus. I want something more fancy.  I am considering samsung gear and microsoft band.  Microsoft band's battery only last 2 days.  Samsung gear only works at samsung phone. Iphone watch only works at iPhone.  My i5 plus is very great. However, it looks so dull. It doesn't impress my business partners.  I want something like i5 plus but with fancy color. Not sure if I want always on display. Battery life is kind of cool feature for me.  I also like the fact that i5 doesn't have unusual charger and can be charged in any USB port.  i5 is great. I just want something more fancy.  I am considering microsoft band 2. However, it has a feature I don't need, namely, gps.  I definitely like heart rate monitor.
I am looking to purchase a laptop pc for running Windows 10. I am looking for something that is strong and rugged like the old Thinkpads used to be. Something with a strong and "non-squishy" keyboard.  It would need 16 GB RAM minimum with an SSD driver and at the very least a 14" screen. Any suggestions?  Specs looking for:   i7 processor 16 GB Ram (32 GB would be awesome) SSD drive 14" screen or higher USB 3.0 ports Solid build quality Solid keyboard   P.S. I already have a Macbook Pro which I love, however I would like to have a dedicated Windows machine rather than run a VM or use Boot Camp. I find the 16 GB Max Ram in the Macbook Pro is just not enough to run a Virtual Machine smoothly.  EDIT: Just wanted to post up that I ended up getting a Lenovo Thinkpad P50 and have been very happy with it. I was able to upgrade the RAM to 64 GB. I installed an M-2 SSD drive. Plenty of ports. Nice solid feel. I even purchased a docking station for $200 which gave me additional Display Ports. I currently run two external monitors and the internal display. Runs Visual Studio and SQL Server without issue. I also have installed games like Civ V and Supreme Commander: Forged alliance. They both run great on high detail.
I'm looking for a floppy drive to read and archive a large stack of old floppy disks.  Because of their age, I expect many of the disks will have errors.  I plan to use ddrescue to make images of these disks to perform data recovery on: ddrescue tries to recover bad sectors by repeatedly reading them, so I need a drive that won't make things worse as it reads the disks.   Support for 3.5" IBM-PC HD and DD floppies Must be compatible with ddrescue (shouldn't be a problem, but you never know)   Optional:   Support for 5.25" floppies   Interface: USB preferred, but I can work with a standard internal floppy interface as well.
With things like Maru OS, Complete Linux Installer and non-root Debian out there, I see more and more people plugging their phone into an external monitor, pairing a bluetooth keyboard and mouse, and using it as a desktop computer. I'm thrilled by this idea.   In case anyone is wondering: the Linux kernel can be made to run Android and GNU userlands at the same time, so that you have both a phone and desktop computer in a single device.  It occurs to me that you would get a better experience on an x86 phone, since the ecosystem of desktop apps is much better for x86 than for ARM. Although they are a tiny minority, I know that there are several nice x86 Android phones out there at the moment. The way Dalvik works means that they still run the normal Android apps.  I know that the Asus Zenphone 2 is quite powerful, but is it powerful enough?  So, I'm looking for a powerful x86 Android phone. It needs to allow "loop devices" (or whatever it's called) This is because that is required for Complete Linux Installer). It also needs to be easy to root and install Xposed Framework on. It should also have hardware allowing me to run desktop apps like Google Chrome with a some basic extensions and several tabs open. I would use apps like Transmission, Skype, Banshee, VLC, Libre Office, OpenShot (no HD), Audacity, GIMP, Photoshop (Wine), Lightroom (Wine), etc. I would probably occasionally run three or four applications at the same time. Is this possible? I mean, my very modest laptop does all this, and it's pretty similar to, for example, the Asus Zenphone 2 in terms of specs.  Keep in mind that this would not be a dual boot. Stuff like Maru OS (only ARM currently) actually lets you run GNU and Android at the very same time, so that if you're in desktop mode you can still receive calls, notifications, etc, from Android.  Is there a powerful enough x86 Android phone in the market today to give me a good experience here? My budget is around USD 500, but it can be stretched a bit if there's a perfect phone out there.
I want to set up a Ubuntu 12.04 system for MRI analyses. I will need 12.04, because some of the analysis software is not properly working wit later Ubuntu versions.   Can anybody recommend me a motherboard which will support:   CPU i7-6700K 32 GB RAM  Ubuntu 12.04 2 x 2TB HDD   I found Gigabyte GA-H170-HD3 but I'm not sure if it will support all positions from the list?
I have this mini-itx motherboard with a PCI-E 16 slot.   I also have an old all-in-one PC that I am refurbishing/upgrading with this motherboard. The screen is connected to a PCI graphics card via a ribbon and a special connector and I can't see how to change it but I am happy to use this card.  EDIT: According to this blog it is an S3 Aurora64V videocard +. It wouldn't surprise me if it was propriety though and I'm not sure if you can remove the ribbon from the card. I don't want to force it and rip it out.   However, I now need to go from PCI-E 16 to PCI. It is in a restricted case so some sort of riser cable will be required to make the graphics card parallel to the motherboard.  What are my options without getting too expensive?  This PCI-E Express X1 to Dual PCI Riser Extend Adapter Card is available on eBay for under $25.    EDIT: I have subsequently found more details about it on Newegg  1.Product Name: PCIE To Dual PCI riser card 2.Model: PCE2PCI-P01 3.Using master: Pericom 4.Product Interface: PCI-E PCI   The backplate looks like it would get in the way when being added to the slot though or do I have it back to front and does the smaller slot on the card go into the longer slot on the motherboard?   Are there other PCI-E to PCI adapters/cables in a similar price range?  The only other alternative I have found is this card from Startech  Product ID: PEX1PCI1 which will also require a PCI cable such as this for ~$5. This alternative is more than twice as much as the first, however, it is lower profile which is a plus.  To be honest, I was expecting a plethora of cables to be available under $10 since at the time of the PCI to PCI-E changeover there would have been lots of requirements like this and by now the cables and chips required should be cheaper.  However, I can't find anything other than these two options. Part of the problem is that if I search for PCI to PCI-E cable I end up being swamped with PCI-E to PCI-E cables as the search engines aren't intelligent enough to distinguish the keywords. Hence the question here.
I'm looking for a wireless headset that satisfies all of the following requirements and for the life of me, I can't seem to find anything that meets all my needs.  Requirements:   Should be able to listen to both devices "at the same time" (e.g. listen to music coming from the PC and also hear the ring of an incoming phone call, or at least just need to pause the music and then hear/receive the phone call) When using the PC to make calls (e.g. Skype, Google Voice/Hangouts), the sound should be in (or close to) Studio quality (e.g. at least 2 channels, 24 bit, 48000 Hz) Should be able to mute the mic with a single touch or action (e.g. pulling up the mic) of a button on the headset Noise cancellation   Nice to have features:   Use a single wireless technology (e.g. Bluetooth), but it's perfectly fine if it requires a dongle (RF) Surround sound and/or 7 channels Form factor similar to the Motorola Buds or the Motorola S11 Works with PlayStation 3 and/or 4, meaning, listen to the game audio, not just for voice chats Accept an incoming phone call by pressing a button on the headset   What I have tried (and why it didn't work):   Motorola Buds: Uses just BT, but can't pair to two devices at the same time. To add insult to injury, when using Skype on PC, sound quality is reduced to mono, 8-bit, crappy phone quality and it creates two different audio playback devices, so music does sound good (high quality), but for calls/communication, you're forced to use the low quality audio playback device. Logitech G933 Artemis Spectrum: Does not use BT, so to listen to the mobile phone, you have to connect the phone to the headset's dongle, which in turn connects to the PC. I don't mind all those connections, the problem is that the dongle only "streams" audio out to the headset, but cannot provide (headset) mic input to the phone. The only way to fully connect the phone to the headset is by connecting the phone via AUX cable to the headset, which completely breaks the wireless requirement.
I've been looking for an Android phone with an x86 processor. I've googled a lot,  searched online and physical retailers, etc,  but so far I've only been able to find the Asus Zenfone.   I'm looking for a phone with a quad or dual core x86 processor. I want at least 2 GHz of processing power and at least 2 GB of RAM. Any candidates must have a micro SD card slot.  Are there any other options than the Asus Zenfone?
There are hundreds of "portable jump starters", lithium ion battery packs with crocodile clip attachments that can be used to jump start a car. Many can also charge laptops or USB devices, or having a built-in light. Here are a few random examples: 1 2 3 4.  My problem with these, and jump-starting in general, is that it's not much use if your car has some problem other than the battery being flat causing it to not start, and then the car battery goes flat while you're trying to diagnose that problem. I'd like something portable that can be used to recharge a 12 volt battery, as well as jump start if that's possible.   I recently had exactly this problem. I used a solar panel to recharge the battery, but that's quite slow and cumbersome.   There's one device I've seen which seems to have the feature I want:     Stanley P2G7S Simple Start Lithium Battery Booster      When your battery is dead, just plug the booster into the 12-volt DC outlet or clamp it to the battery and the booster will start charging immediately and get you back on the road quickly.   ...but unfortunately it seems to be only available in the USA.    So to be clear about the features I'm looking for, in priority order:   Essential: Be able to charge a 12v car battery from flat to capable of starting in something like 5-30 minutes, even if there's some other problem preventing the car from starting. Essential: Be a portable, small, lightweight item chargable from a normal power supply Essential: Be available in the UK Desirable: Be able to jump-start a car Desirable: Be able to charge other devices (USB, 12v, 15v, 19v laptops) Desirable: Be able to charge a car battery using both direct crocodile clips and accessory socket attachments Desirable: Cost less than £100 (about $150 USD) Desirable: Have a built-in bright torch Desirable: Waterproof or splash-proof   Note: I said lithium ion in the title to give a general indication of the broad type of battery pack. I'm not too fussy about the exact chemistry, something similar like li-po (lithium polymer) would be fine (basically, not something like a bulky, heavy 5kg lead-acid type).
I am looking for a home office printer as my mother's current HP C310 has finally died completely, the print head has failed and they are unable to source replacement parts.  The requirements are as follows:   Must be capable of printing at photo quality Must be multi-functional (printer and scanner) The ink must be available as separate colours Must not be an Epson Price in the range of £100-£150   The optional nice to haves would be:   WiFi SD card slot Touch-screen display   I have been advised by the printer repair guy that we should consider printers with the print heads built into the cartridges, is this sound advice?
(Sorry for the title, but I'm pretty ignorant when it comes to home entertainment equipment)  Recently, I got a 48" TCL Roku TV to replace a 59" Sony projector TV. It's pretty nice, with a good image after some fiddling and with the flexibility of the Roku software, but it has a problem; the sound leaves a lot to be desired.  Because of that, I'm thinking of saving up to get an external sound system. I figure I might as well go all-out and get some sort of 5.1 or 7.1 surround sound system.   Since the TV only has a 3.5mm audio jack and an optical audio out, running one of those to a surround system would be out of the question, especially since at least the 3.5mm Jack outputs terrible quality sound.   I believe a some sort of A/V receiver would be the best option. It would need to have 3 HDMI inputs (at least), possibly a few composite inputs, and optical audio in so that the smart features of the TV could have sound run to the system.  The problem I have is a complete lack of knowledge on how to look for what I need. Do receivers have the capability of acting as a sort of switcher for the inputs, just needing one cable to the TV? Do they work as passthroughs?  I have no idea how to look for one, and I don't know if this is even the right place to ask (or if I asked correctly), but I'm more than willing to completely rewrite the question if that helps anyone help me.
I am looking for a security camera that I can use to view what's going on in my apartment, without having to use a third party website/app. I am currently using one that requires me to connect to a website based in China, and I don't really trust the parent company not to snoop.
I am looking for a USB hub to connect mouse/keyboard simultaneously to my phone while powering/charging the phone ("power delivery"). I would like to be able to connect one or two other peripherals, so 4-5 ports including the phone connector would be ideal.  Ideally it should also be possible to use it without mains adapter too, for instance, plugging it into a computer to power it, even if it reduced performance, but this isn't essential.  Reading a bit more, I think it needs to support USB Power Delivery v2.0 and have a mains power option.
I'm looking for a half-decent android phone with an emphasis on camera quality and autofocus. The main reason I want a cheap phone like this is for scanning 2D barcodes(Not QR Codes) with the camera. I have an application I use which uses the back facing camera to detect and scan barcodes, however, the budget phone i've tried so far has not worked at all in that respect, as the autofocus does not appear to properly provide enough quality to recognize the barcode.  The phone I tried to use for this purpose is the Alcatel Boost View 5.0 which was $99. It was advertised with a 5MP back camera with autofocus, however, simply does not work with the scanning of barcodes.  I should also mention that i'm on kind of a budget, and the phone i'm looking for ideally will be under $150 but if that's not possible I can go above that.  The phones i've been looking at to solve this problem are the Samsung Galaxy Core Prime and Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace. These phones are in the $150-$250 price range, but i'm not sure if they solve my problem, and i'm not sure if there is a cheaper alternative.  Can anyone shed some light on this whole camera quality autofocus thing and maybe help me out with a recommendation?
I'm developing an interactive 3D app in Unity that will be projected on a large curved wall and was curious what video card would best be suited to drive 6-8 projectors (most likely 6). I'm currently thinking of using Sony VPLFW60 projectors and my computer would be a Shuttle SZ170R8 System (i7 6700K, 32GB RAM). Would this be a performant configuration? Any insight or recommendations would be great. I'm currently looking at AMD FirePro W600 and NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080. Would these options be appropriate?  The interactive app with be a 3D app, and it will be skinning meshes on the fly which will involve shaders. I looked into Unity's use of the GPU and it says that Unity will use the NVIDIA GPU for PhysX as well as for Shaders.
In a security assessment, the following statements were given:     Threat: Spoof a device and modify RAM to add program code and change data.      Skill: Simple training of a unskilled person   Since an unskilled person can perform the attack, I assume that the device to perform the attack is available on the market. So that's what I'm looking for:   Mini PCIe-Card allowing to copy 512 MB RAM of the host device transfer the data out of the device in any kind (e.g. wireless or by storing on a SD card and then removing the Mini PCIe card again) cost < 500 €   Note: I'm not looking to cause a security breach, but rather the opposite: understanding the attack and performing security tests for my devices.
I am looking for a new mouse (for work and gaming). It should have a burst function (lots of clicks while clicking a button) and a scroll wheel which works similar like the one from the Logitech M500, where I had a button to unlock the scroll wheel, so that I can scroll a long way by just swinging the scrollwheel once.  It is quite hard to look for those specific functions in any stores, so, maybe you know a model which has those functions.  For the rest of the specs, it should be a corded mouse, maybe has some extra buttons (but not too many, like the Razer Naga for instance), should be suitable for big hands. I had the Logitech M500 until now, which I found very ergonomic, if this helps =)  So, the features I want:   burst function unlock scroll wheel corded not too many buttons   The rest doesn't matter.  I would appreciate some suggestions.
I'm looking to buy a new battery online for my Dell Latitude E5400 laptop. I don't want to spend on an original one because it is ridiculously expensive and I especially don't want to spend that much for an ancient laptop.  Looking forward for some good suggestions from the knowledgeable ones.  Please suggest brands that are available to buy in India. I found some brands like - Lapguard, ARB and Gizga. Any reviews on them from users are more than welcome.
I want to use a TV that is on my bedroom with the computer, the TV has awesome quality, I am yet to see a "flat" TV that matches its picture quality without the price going in the 10.000 USD+ in my country.  But the TV has only normal analog TV inputs (YPbPr for example)  But new card manufacturers seemly are really against analog output, not only existing ones only output high resolutions (for example have a minimum resolution of 1024x768), some new ones seemly have no analog output at all (the recently launched Fury series, Skylake CPUs, and GeForce 10 line), something that introduces even worse problems (in my country analog monitors are extremely common, I for example own a laptop with HDMI and VGA out, I never used the HDMI out, while the VGA out is wearing out because of constant use).  So, I need some way to connect my computer to a TV, without expending lots of money (ie: those 400 USD HDMI to analog converters are not acceptable).  I am wondering if someone (not necessarily AMD and nVidia) make new video cards that support it (better if it is PCI-e 1x, to not waste a 16x slot).  Or if the Sapphire 380X can do it with some adapter help... (when ATI still was named ATI, they used to sell some "All in Wonder" cards that could output to TV when coupled with an official DVI-I to YPbPr adapter that had some resolution dip switches)
I need digital pricing gun to replace manual input price gun. It's needed to minimize human error while entering price or labeling the wrong product. It's must have :   Barcode Scanner Price tag printer The pricing gun can store data product and the price.   Basically the step is like this : user scan the barcode first, then the pricing gun will print the label price which is the price data stored in pricing gun. Is there any digital pricing gun like this ?
I am preparing to buy a new desktop PC as the old one is 8 years already and not really upgradable. I see there are DDR4 modules running at 2133MHz and others running at 3200 MHz.  However, I have seen motherboards supporting only DDR4 2133MHz, or DDR4 2133MHz + DDR4 2400+ MHz OC (like this ASRock Z170). What I understand is that in order to run at higher than 2133MHz speed, overclock is needed.      Is there a motherboard that supports DDR4 modules running at 3200MHz (or any greater than 2133 MHz) out of the box?   This RAM overclocking is completely new to me and still unclear.
TL;DR version  I'd like hardware capable of doing these things   Triangulate positions of nodes Be accurate down to 1-6 inches Able to see through fairly thin objects, like people/trees Fairly inexpensive (Less than $50 per)     So, I'm wanting an Indoor Positioning System (IPS) to play around with.  What I want to try, isn't actually indoors, but I've been looking for affordable ways to do it indoor or outdoor.  I would like a way for several of my friends (I'll get the friends later) to be able to stand in a field, that has nodes at three corners of this field (in order to triangular positions of any other nodes).  So, let's call these three nodes at the corners of this triangular field, master nodes.    Each "friend" will be given a minion node (minion node = NOT master node) and the master nodes will be able to tell where the minion nodes are.  I'd like the accuracy to be as exact as possible (between 1-6 inches?).  So, let's say, each minion node had a defined coordinate that it would go to, and a light on it would turn green, and stayed red whenever they weren't in their position.  So basically they would run around to find a pre-defined position, at which point their minion node turns green.  Ok, so I know that there's ultra wide band technology that can do this, but it's pretty expensive....Like good ones tend to be over $100 per.  I know there's some zigbee stuff that can do it too, but maybe it's not so accurate.  Also, I know GPS could match this, but I want relative positions to the master nodes...Any other ideas, or reasons the ideas stated would actually work?  Any advice is welcome...maybe something that plugs into a Raspberry Pi or Arduino?  Thanks,
Looking at recommendations for a graphics card that fulfills the following spec in order of importance:   Dual 4K (60hz) capable Passive cooled Cheap (only business graphics required) Two displayport/ mini display port connectors AMD chipset
Important:   5" size (5.5" is problematic for pockets and hands). CAT 4 LTE or better with bands 3/7/20 (1800/2600/800MHz). Almost a given today, but 64bit CPU. 3+GB RAM. 16+GB flash ROM. SD card slot, accessible without removing back/battery. IR/remote capability. Stock or near-stock Android. I detest unnecessary software gimmicks. Unlocked.   Fairly important:   3000+mAh battery, preferably removable. FM radio (DAB would obviously also be OK). Ideally dual SIM (shared second SIM/SD card slot acceptable). Ideally big.LITTLE CPU design with the big/fast cores being out of order execution ARM v8. Good WiFi (dual band?) as it will work as home internet/router.   Unimportant:   Cameras. High screen resolution - 720x1280 is fine. CPU clock frequencies. Thin/fancy/too light design. Solid is better.   Ulefone Power looks good (battery fixed, but large), if only it wasn't so big.  LG G5 also looks reasonable, except battery is a bit small, screen resolution is unnecessarily high and it is still rather big. Oh, and 4 times the price of the Ulefone(!).  Any better ideas?
I am looking for some device which offers an API to specify the voltage output of an USB port.   So actually I want to give power to some hardware by the USB Port and I want to specify on the PC if I want, for example, 1V or 5V.   Somehow google results only in devices to measure the amperage of the usb port.  I hope it is somehow understandable, I am quite new to SE
Basically I bought a pair of omni 10 speakers.  The sounds are great. However, the audio latency is 1000ms. I am using bluetooth to connect. Omni 10 doesn't have aptx.  I am looking for something like this  https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B00Z61YAAE?psc=1  Basically I want to connect my pc to my omni speakers using regular 3.5 mm. However, I don't want to use 3 m normal audio cable to connect my PC to OMNI 10. Doing so results in high delay.  I want my PC to connect to a wifi that then connect to the speaker using 3.5 mm cable. Is that even possible?  Can that be done? Will that reduce audio latency?  Basically it should turn any speakers with 3.5mm input into wireless speakers.  Update searching for turn speakers into wireless speakers yield this:  http://www.wired.com/2014/08/bluetooth-audio-adapters/  That sort of works. The problem is I already connect my omni 10 with bluetooth. I want to reduce the latency. I have also heard that streaming audio via wifi is much better than via bluetooth.  I "suspected" that this is what I need http://audioengineusa.com/Store/W3-Wireless-Audio-Adapter  Is it? I am not sure. It seems to use wifi. We connect something to computer with USB and then it plugs to my speakers using 3.5 mm.
Must not have:   smart features (Android, WebOS etc.) webcam and mic   Must have:   Between 55" and 65" panel 4k (2160p) resolution At least 3 HDMI inputs Reaction time good enough for games VESA mount Decent upscaler Available as factory new device on the European market Price under 2000€   Nice to have:   Scart and composite input for old consoles Ambient light Speakers with acceptable quality Picture-in-Picture   I don't care:   Any antenna interfaces and tuners 3D Network interfaces   Use cases:   Play back any media via connected media center PC Play games via steam on PC Connect any kind of consoles from PS4 to NES   Trivia:   I'm aware that's not very likely that I'll get a super good panel for this price My main concern is that all this TV software seems very fragile so I don't want to risk the leakage of any data. I guess that it could be secure enough to just not use insecure features like build-in network and antenna interfaces. I also tend to express my disapproval against such technologies by not buying it at all.
I am looking for a device that would allow me to remotely hard reboot my computer. The device could use either wired or wireless Internet connection. I just need to be able to remotely ask it to hard reboot the computer (e.g., physically pressing the power button).
I am looking for a new Display Port cable for my Asus ROG SWIFT PG279Q monitor.  It has to work at 2560x1440 @ 165Hz and that is only possible with DisplayPort, however not all DP cables support this higher frequency.  Can anyone recommend a cable? I want to get my monitor working as best it can.
I would like to buy new memory for my PC desktop. My ASUS motherboard model is P8H61-M LE/BR. I've got the following information in the ASUS site:     2 x DIMM, Max. 16GB, DDR3 1333/1066 Hz Non-ECC, Un-buffered Memory      Dual Channel Memory Architecture Supports Intel® Extreme Memory   Profile (XMP)      The maximum 16GB memory capacity can be supported with 8GB or above DIMMs. ASUS will update the memory QVL once the DIMMs are available in   the market.   So I want to buy two 8GB RAM sticks in order to have 16GB in my PC. I've found these ones on the market:   Site 1 Site 2 Site 3   So is this memory compatible with my PC? Are some of them better than others?
I need a single board computer, on which I can easily learn bare-bone OS programming. In particular I need something like Raspberry PI, but:   execution power must be circa about Raspberry Pi 3 must have Wi-Fi and Bluetooth built on board must have very very good documentation (best if hardware was open source also) architecture should be multicore ARM or multicore Intel (generation does not matter) must also have possibility to use board to control external devices ( should have couple of GPIOs, some SPI communication etc.)
Heyo. Here's my situation: I'm looking for a laptop basically acting as a mobile workstation extension for my home computer. For what it matters, I'm doing mainly programming and college work as well as the occasional match of League of Legends with friends (fairly low requirements). Because of the programming part, I've went for a 4k display which has paid off for sure. I'm just so much more efficient with it than with a standard FullHD monitor.    Enough about the past, here's what I want:   working between and sometimes during classes in college on fairly basic tasks like completing homework and studying (pdf and browser) programming. Being able to quickly try something on the go after discussing it is important to me (which is why I'm looking for a laptop in the first place) concerning the finish, I'd much prefer something with an emphasis on usability, meaning not too heavy, not too fragile. I don't like having to worry about 1) whether to bring it because it's too heavy or 2) where to put it in order not to break it I like to think of myself as a creative person and I learn visually, so having a touch screen is something I think will be worth a lot to what I do and how I do it as I said, the occasional match of League of Legends, but no serious gaming and I quite frankly don't care whether it runs on medium or high settings 2 in 1. Because it's cool. Not because I necessarily need it :P I plan on doing most (programming) work remotely via some kind of screen forwarding     Which leads me to what is probably most important (tl;dr), the requirement list in order of importance:   2 in 1 full HD with on a screen size between 12"/13" and 15" goooood battery, >5h of realistic usage reliable and light case a usable network adapter i5+ is desirable, not a precondition though SSD or SSHD is a bonus 4GB of RAM (should be no problem anyways)     Closing words. I'm asking here because I'm mainly concerned about usability and the overall quality of the thing, including battery for example. Those are things you can't just look up on a comparison website.   The budget is somewhere roughly between 700 and 1000 Euros, which should translate into about 800 to 1150 USD.    Things on my (probably incomplete) list right now:   Lenovo Yoga 2 13 Lenovo Yoga 3 14 Lenovo Yoga 700 14ISK Acer Aspire R5 ASUS Transformer Book Flip   Those are (hopefully most of the) devices which meet the formal part requirements and are available at my budget range.
I am developing a system to register visitors. The visitors wear a wristband containing an NFC tag.  In order to read the tag, I am currently using a cheap Samsung Android phone, with built in NFC reader, which costs around GBP 60 / Eur 77 / USD 87.  I am considering replacing the phone with a Raspberry Pi and am thinking about an NFC reader.  I could use a shield, and am open to recommendations, but it always seems uncomfortable tapping a phone to someone's wrist and I doubt that tapping a Pi would feel any more comfortable (especially if the Pi is wired for mains power).  Is there a cheap wand, or other device, which can be connected to the Pi for a less awkward scan of the wristband?  Budget will play a role in this, but I am not yet sure how much of a role (sorry).
I am a developer, I mostly develop web applications (Fullstack JavaScript) and Websites (Mainly WordPress). And use tools like Git, Vagrant (And other kinds of virtualizations), Photoshop, Browser open with lots of tabs. Most often lightweight IDEs like Atom but it happens that I use more heavy IDEs like Webstorm.  I am now looking after a new laptop too buy. I dont want a MacBook and I have been thinking about some of the Laptops from Lenovos Yoga (2016) Series. But I am not enirly sure about this, mainly because I will dual-boot Windows with Ubuntu (Linux) and I will probably spend more time in Ubuntu then Windows. So a computer that has touch screen does not feel that optimal.  So I would like some recommendations/advices on Laptop that are good for my purpose. I am looking for something around the 800-1400USD price range with SSD and good amount of RAM and a 14" screen. But most importantly I want something that "just works" in other words I want a Laptop that I can be happy with and that does not come with 102 different bugs and issues.  Thanks!
On my motherboard no SATA3 controller. I want to purchase a separate high-quality controller that can simultaneously process 4 SSD drives at maximum speed and performance.  Required the controller to operate simultaneously at a speed of 6 Gbps on each port.  (RAID function is not needed)
PlayStation 3 cluster provided high-performance computing for reasonable price. One example was Condor Cluster (a US Air Force supercomputer built out of 1,760 Sony PlayStation 3s running the Linux operating system, the 33rd largest supercomputer in the world at that time).  However this declined since Sony's OS update in 2010 which disabled ability to run other operating systems such as direct installation of Linux.  Are there any alternative video game consoles which can be used for clustered computing which you can recommend? With reasonable compute power vs price ratio.
I just got a Dell 8900 and would like to get a graphics card. The card would have to be able to drive two monitors (2 x 2k) or one 4K monitor. I never play games - just do development work using Visual Studio and Eclipse and occasionally watch films on my monitors. What card would be good enough for this? I am interested in spending $150-250. The built in graphics cannot support a 4K monitor.
I'm looking for some digital sensors, (temperature, pressure, lux, humidity), that I can run for a long distance, (80m).  The onewire temperature DS18B20 sensor looks good, (https://www.adafruit.com/product/381), but I couldn't find much else.    Does anyone know of onewire equivalents for the above sensor types and preferably cheaper temperature sensors as I need to purchase 20!
I recently built a new computer, and I'm having some issues (I think).  Here's my gear  Case: Phanteks Enthoo Evolv ATX  Case Accessory: Phanteks fan hub  Mobo: Asus Maximus VIII Hero  CPU Cooler: Corsair Hydro Series H110i GTX  My issue is that the instructions that come with the Phanteks case is pretty lacking on instructions for the fan hub on the back.  I've read conflicting information on how to connect these devices, and I figured I'd ask here to make sure I actually did it correctly.  My problem is that right now, the fans all stay 100% all the time.  It's pretty loud, and it's possible that that's the way it's supposed to be, but I hope not.  To be clear, the case fans appear to be the culprits.  Here's how I have everything set up:  H110i GTX         |          |two fan cables         ------------------------>both fans         |         |water pump         ------------------------>CPU_FAN         |         |data cable         ------------------------>USB 2.0  Phanteks fan hub         |          |CPU_FAN         ------------------------>CPU_OPT         |         |Sata power         ------------------------>Sata power         |         |3 x 4 pin fans         ------------------------>3 Case fans   The real confusion here is caused by the fact that the Phanteks case instructions say to connect their fan hub to the cpu_fan, but so does the H110i.  From googling around, I found some people that had done it this way, but man, this thing is loud.  Any advice?    EDIT 1  Another thing I should mention.  I'm using the AI Suite 3 software that came with the mobo.  It's supposed to let you control the case fan speeds.  When I have the fan hub connected to CPU_OPT, it's  not showing any case fans in the software.  If I connect CPU_OPT to any other fan connection on the mobo, then it shows up, but it still won't let me change any values.    EDIT 2  After a little more research, I found out that the AI Suite 3 software won't have any control over your fans if you don't set the fan mode to PWM in the bios.  I went into the bios, and now it controls the fans.  The only issue now is that the case fans aren't turning on at all.  I'm wondering if the temperature just isn't high enough, and they'll turn on once it's higher.  If it turns on when the heat is higher, or if it doesn't turn on, I'll report back here.
I'm building a very low power HTPC. I'd like to make it as efficient as possible. The components I've chosen (a low power Atom mobo/CPU, a single SO-DIMM and an SSD) should idle at around 10W if not less.  However, all the PSUs I see list only their efficiency with 20+% load, which is usually much more than that. Benchmarks seem to likewise never measure those very small power draw numbers.  I don't want to pay hundreds to save a tiny bit of power, but are there affordable PSUs that advertise their efficiency at such low loads?  My case has a standard ATX power supply, but some of the smaller form factors might fit too, as long as they have the standard connectors.
I consider buying a new desktop computer and I work on academic MIP optimization problems with Gurobi.  I know that GPUs cannot be leveraged by MIP solvers, so my question rather concerns the choice of the CPU (and possible related configuration matters).   Do you have any recommendation for a CPU fitting in a standard desktop computer (=available at computer retail stores) which purpose is primarily to solve MIP problems?
I am about to purchase a Samsung 950 Pro PCIe SSD.  I have a MSI 970A motherboard.  I am wondering if I can insert the 950 pro stick directly into one of the x16 slots.  I read online that PCIe slots are backwards compatible (so the x4 should work in a x16).  Is this possible?  Do I need a converter?  Also, don't have a M.2 slot on my motherboard.  I noticed I have PCIe2.0 slots, not 3.0 slots.  Will my SSD still work?
I am looking for a new smartphone. I have had troubles with my previous phones: overheating and lag. I strongly believe that this is from the hardware, since I have been having these problems with my three latest phones, all Android, all flagship devices - a Samsung Galaxy S5, a Sony Xperia Z3+, and a OnePlus 2.  The overheating has occurred when watching YouTube videos and using Snapchat (which open and closes the camera a lot). The lag occurred overall in different places, including starting/switching from applications.  On the Samsung I did not have overheating issues, only lag, but on the Sony and he OnePlus 2, they both overheated a lot.   I am looking for a phone which can play YouTube videos without burning my hand, and which will not freeze (because of overheating) when using the camera a lot. I want it to run apps smoothly.  What should I be looking for when I go through the specs on different phones, and why?  I have been used Google to gather information about the phones. In my experience, I only find sites which say how "good" the phone is, almost like Samsung, Sony, etc have wrote the article themselves. In the past, I have trusted the information I read before buying, later finding myself fooled.  Edit After reading the comment by Alpha3031,  What phone would you recommend which will fufill the requirements: smooth running, reasonably fast for light tasks, and does not overheat? I do not have a limit in budget.
The i5-2500K is a great processor, even nowadays, but only if you can overclock it. I have a H77 chipset board, that means no OC for me. So, I need a recommendation of CPU and motherboard. I'm looking for a "successor", good cost/benefit, like the 2500k.  I have DDR3 RAM, so I think Skylake is a problem?  PC specs:   CPU: i5-2500K turbo: 3.7GHz  Motherboard: Asus P8H77-V LE  RAM: 4x4GB DDR3 1333mhz (dual channel only, 1.5V) GPU: Nvidia GTX950
My wife has no use of her upper limbs but is a very keen computing enthusiast, like myself. Recently she celebrated her 25th birthday and I bought her a brand new computer knowing how much she loves to make use of technology.  Unfortunately, I don't know what devices or hardware components are available to help my wife use the computer. I have not thought about how she will make use of her new computer considering her disabilities and I am hoping someone can suggest possible upgrades to ensure that she can make the most of he present.  I would like suggestions based on human interaction devices.
I normally buy netbook type computers - 7" to 11" - because I spend most of my time hitchhiking around the world and when I'm at home I plug into external monitor, drive, keyboard, mouse, etc.  I want the very cheapest. It's liable to get lost, broken, or stolen on my travels. I'm willing to accept inferior CPU and graphics and less RAM and storage. These I regard as natural limits.  But I hate artificial limits.  Back when netbooks were super popular just before iPads came out, Microsoft offered cheap Windows licenses to OEMs if they put artificial limits such as 32-bit only, maximum RAM 4gb, etc.  I also hate soldered-in RAM, non-replaceable batteries, etc.  I also regard proprietary hardware with no free drivers for Linux to be an artificial limit.  So which are the cheapest laptops which are small like netbooks but support 64-bit OSes and have upgradeable RAM etc?    (MacBooks and Ultrabooks are several times the price of netbook class laptops. Intermediate priced laptops in my part of the world are generally full size - 14" to 17".)
I just wondered whether anybody had a recommendation for an LED TV with these features:   1080p horizontal resolution. DVB-T2 tuner ("Freeview HD"). 28"-32", ideally 28", but that size seems a bit neglected. Ability to connect PC/laptop for DVD playback (probably standard?). Ideally ability to record to USB. Ideally less than £200.   I am not interested in "smart" TVs.  I am surprised it feels necessary to ask here, but the focus seems to be on 32" and upwards. 28" seems the ideal size to me, but I struggle a bit to find these things in that size - in some cases comparable 32" TVs are cheaper, but they are a little bit too big.
Building on the previous project of autonomic robot cars, controlled by a Raspberry Pi + BrickPi, delivering packages, we want to use (indoor) quadcopter drones for similar purposes.  Since this educational project accounts for the bachelor dissertation of computer scientists, the drone must be programmable (e.g. given some sequence of coordinates or actions, the drone must be able to execute them) or it must be able to write a program to interactively steer the drone. The drone must also have a camera and be able to send the camera stream over WiFi/Bluetooth/... to a separate PC. This PC processes the stream and decides on the steering of the drone based on for instance the content of the images. Note that there are drones who can only store the camera stream internally and others who can send the camera stream to for instance a smartphone. The last functionality is called FPV (First Person View).  Furthermore, the drones should ideally contain a gyroscope and accelerometer, of which the sensor values can be used in a PID controller (on the drone itself or on a separate PC).  It would be nice (but is no requirement) to attach an electromagnet underneath the drone to attach and detach small objects.  With regard to battery life, we aim for at least 10 min.  The drones will be used for multiple course years. Therefore, we would like the separate components to last as long as possible and be resistant to crashes. For instance, brushed motors will need to be replaced after a couple of hours of flight, so we rather avoid these (if possible for the given budget).  Finally, since there are probably dozens of drones these days which match the previous requirements, price is also important: below $100 (we will buy multiple drones so it would be nice if a batch of drones drops the price).
By "gaming laptop", I mean a quad-core Skylake CPU with an NVIDIA graphics card... I'm not looking for a Haswell CPU or an Intel graphics card. (I'm not actually planning on using it for gaming, but I do want similar specs for other things I do.)    Does such a thing exist? I've been looking for one, but it seems that I cannot find any that meets all of the conditions. The best I've found is the 2016 Razer Blade which doesn't have an optical drive.
I know, there are medical scanners which can do that with ultrasound, but this equipment if awfully expensive. I’m looking for something much cheaper, say, under $500 and it does not have to be off-the-shelve. I'm equally interested in components which can be used to build it.  Let's consider a specific example. I have an empty plastic bottle with a pump (e.g. for liquid soap). I would like to scan it with a step of 1/8'' and get an image of a bottle reveling the internal structure of the bottle at each step. At the first step I will see only the outline of the bottle walls, but as I progress deeper I should be able to see the pump and the straw inside. Something like XRay for plastic with configurable depth of readings.
Basically I need a mouse shaped like a pen that you can use in place of a mouse, although I would most likely use it as a companion to my mouse.  My use case specifically would be drawing simple sketches during video calls, where I can share my screen, fire up a simple paint app, draw a few boxes and arrows, and annotate them with some doodles. Perhaps some scribbling on documents too. Nothing particularly elaborate then.  I found a couple of candidates but they had some questionable features:   Genius Wireless Pen Mouse - seemed like a good find but the left click is performed by pressing the tip of the pen, which I'm not sure is a good idea; I think a dedicated left click button would suit me better Penclic - the first device I got excited about until I realised the "docking station" was in fact a mouse and the "pen" was there for dragging it around; maybe it could be used in my scenario for the lack of any better choice but it's not what it was designed for apparently   Unless I came up with really poor search terms today the choice seems to be very limited. Is there anything wrong with my use case? Am I one of very few who needs that? Or maybe there is a better way?
I am looking for an Android tablet which can easily run multiple weeks or even months while being hooked up to a power source.  I want to use the tablet for automatically taking screenshots of websites, taking from a queue which is being filled constantly.  The (no-name) tablets I am using currently get really hot very fast and seem to slow down as a result, so the Android phone (Samsung S3 Neo) are taking three times as many screenshots per hour than the tablets.  Requirements   a decent processor and RAM battery life irrelevant, it will be powered must sustain working a long time without getting too hot
My previous post was deleted due to 'off-topic' but I believe I'm within topic "the site is here to provide pre-purchase hardware recommendations and to recommend hardware for a specific task". I need help engineering my effort. Other than the workstations, no hardware has been purchased since I am having trouble solving my task.  Here's what I need help with: Connect 4 workstations to a KVM (or similar) in Office A, then have a KVM (or similar) in Office B that connects/controls those 4 workstations in Office A.  Office A is simple: Use a KVM to connect 4 workstations to the same Monitor, Keyboard, and Mouse.  The part I can't figure out, and need some help. In Office B is a different monitor, keyboard and mouse sitting on desk connected to a different KVM. I'd like to push the first button on the KVM and see the desktop from the first workstation in Office A (and be able to use the keyboard/mouse). If I hit the second button, then I'll see the second workstation in Office A. 3rd button, 3rd workstation. 4th button, 4th workstation.   No workstation is actually in Office B, they are all in Office A.  Is this special type of KVM, or is there another device that will help achieve my task?
Maybe this isn't the best question to ask, but I am looking for recommendations.  I'm looking for a good general use laptop that needs to run Quickbooks and MS Office.  I'd like at least an i5 Intel proc, 8 GB of RAM, SSD would be nice but HDD is fine, and the kicker: 17.3" screen.  I'd like it to be priced around $1000 USD.    I've been browsing the major manufacturer sites (Dell, HP, Lenovo) but I haven't really found the best deal.  I have seen a couple that would fit, but I'd like some recommendations or alternatives.
I want to buy a laptop but I have a limited budget. I will install Ubuntu on it, and I use it for transcoding purposes, such as video editing, blender, audio-video conversion, so I need a CPU with higher single core performance. Many people complains of AMD CPUs for their weaker performance. I am not a game fan except chess but I also want a decent GPU.  Intel i5 5287u and i5 5257u CPUs has iris 6100 GPUs on CPU chip so they don't have external GPU. I tried to compare iris 6100 vs nvidia 920m but some say iris 6100 is only par with  nvidia 840m, however it appears that  in the following links  iris 6100 is slightly better than even nvidia gt 920m.  iris 6100 vs nvidia gt 920m  iris 6100 vs nvidia gt 920m  I am also interested in bitcoin mining.  Considering all of these which one would you recommend? You can also suggest your own models.  EDIT:    bitcoin mining score for GeForce 920M is 39.92 mHash/s bitcoin mining score for Core i5 5257U is 54.21 mHash/s   Single core performance for i5 5287U  outgoes even many intel i7 processors.
First of all I am new to this site and I hope my question is not off-topic. I have done some research in the Meta and looked up if similar questions have been closed or not and I think I am on-topic. If not, I apologize.    I am currently preparing a configuration for my next PC and, although I know enough to chose almost all the components myself, I really have poor knowledge when it comes to motherboards. I really can't tell if a motherboard is a good one or a bad one, if it will suit my needs and which chipsets are best.  My configuration :     CPU : Intel Core i7-4790K (4.0 GHz)      GPU : Asus GeForce GTX 960 STRIX DirectCU II, 4 Gb      RAM : 2x4Gb  DDR3-1866 HyperX Fury, Cas10       One 250Gb SSD      One 1Tb HDD   (theses are the informations I think are needed, if you need to know what other components I have chosen, ask in the comments and I will update this question)  Requirements & additional info :    The motherboard must be ATX format. It should be under $110 if possible I need it to have USB 3.0 ports Socket is 1150 I will use my PC for graphic design and for playing games. I don't plan to ever buy an additional GPU (which means only one slot is enough). There will be no sound card in my configuration so I prefer a motherboard with good sound quality I prefer having 4 RAM slots for it is possible I buy more RAM in the future. Bonus points if the motherboard is black and yellow or black and white ;)   As I am getting an overclockable CPU I read - but am unsure if this is true - I will need a Z97 chipset if I want to exploit my CPU to the max, and that Z97 is also one of the best chipsets available for a configuration with recent components. If Z97 isn't required or specially better than other chipsets I have no idea which one I should get.  Motherboards I consider buying   Obviously I have already done some research and there are 2 motherboards that caught my attention :   MSI Z97 PC Mate   This one has very good reviews but I wonder if it is not a bit "cheap" (in both meanings) and if it will be sufficient for my configuration   Asus Z97-P   I thought is was a good idea to get a motherboard from the same constructor as my GPU (correct me if this is a stupid thought) and this one seems pretty good. But here I am wondering if I really need a motherboard at this price if some cheaper ones like the MSI above can do the job.    So here are all the informations. What motherboard would you buy to suit this configuration and these requirement best ?
I am looking for a new laptop for my mother. She does not want to spend more than about 800$, which makes my job a little harder, since I am only informed in the higher price ranges.  She will use the laptop for Youtube, Office, Photos, browsing the Web and the likes at home.   I think the most important features are:     an SSD   decent 15" screen, meaning good viewing angles, good colors as high of a resolution as that amount of money can buy (it seems to me that the display quality is the number one trade-off of cheaper laptops).  usable trackpad   Battery life, raw performance, etc. are less important.  So far, the best laptops I could find was the Acer Travelmate P series and the HP ProBook 450.  Are there other laptops that would be worthwhile to check out?    \Edit: Unfortunately, a used laptop is not an option.  Thanks!
I have a 6.5 year old Dell Inspiron 1545. The battery has been dead for about 2 years and yesterday it started making whirring noises and the wifi stopped working. So now I have to plug it in for both power and ethernet. I suspect something deeper is wrong so think perhaps a new laptop may be in order.  I am in two minds about what type of laptop to get. I mainly use the laptop for browsing, ripping CDs and programming python. My programming is very much at the amateur level - Project Euler, coding of board games and a bit of web scraping. Recently I have been using Ubuntu because my laptop was getting so tired and cranky with Windows. I have a hankering after something that is capable of playing Football Manager 16 at a decent speed with good graphics performance, but suspect that the extra money I'd have to fork out for that wouldn't be worth it.  I suspect pretty much any laptop you can buy now would be capable of filling my basic needs and would probably have better specs than my current laptop? But I wonder whether people have recommendations for a particular budget laptop. It would be nice to have decent battery life for example. I have no need for masses of storage either.  I'd also like your thoughts on the additional I'd have to spend in order to get something capable of playing FM16 to a decent level and any particular laptop recommendations?  In summary:  Laptop 1  <£300 Use for browsing, python, watching netflix, rippig music, decent battery, no gaming  Laptop 2  <£500 As with Laptop 1 but with ability to play FM16 at a decent speed (but no other gaming)  FM16 requirements  Any thoughts on this? HP 250 G4
I'm a programmer building my own Homeautomationsystem. I'm looking for some sort of tablet which I can mount to a wall and use to display information as well control things. The software I planed to use is a debian system + opera in fullscreen mode.  However I can not find any tablet which is (relatively) good looking, (relatively) fast and cheap. There are a lot of android tablet (starting at around 60€) which would suit, but I do not want to pay the overhead of Android, especially since all I need is a browser. Using a debian I could customize boot screens, tune for a really fast boot and so on.  What I need:   Some sort of Local Network (either LAN or WLAN, maybe using a USB adapter) Touchscreen Screen size (8" - 12") Microphone and Speaker   Nice to have:   Front Camera NFC Bluetooth   Not needed:   Mobile networking (3G/4G) Back Camera (since there is a wall anyway) Large storage (8 - 16 GByte should be enough) Fancy features (Fingerprint, etc)   Price should be as low as possible, because I need about 10 of these. I have no problem with soldering wires to USB connectors etc or do crazy software stunts to get it working if the tablet is cheap enough.  However is there a tablet which is known to be working with native Linux ? A industrial PC should be ok too but most of them are either really expensive, or lot awkward.  Thanks in advance.
For about 10 years now, I've really enjoyed my 30" Apple Cinema HD (2560x1600). It's showing its age, and I'd like to replace it with something a more modern. What's the best replacement? Here are the features I'd like:   large screen (>=30"); matte screen or at least low-glare; mainly used for coding/writing; fast response needed, e.g., for games, isn't important; can be driven by a late-model Macbook Air.   I'm indifferent to the specific panel technology. Budget: up to $1600.
I think that to really monitor our workers' bandwidth consumption and access filters (e.g., website blocking) we need to have firewall equipment because the normal firewall on the computer itself (i.e., Windows firewall) is really not that helpful in our situation.  Do I need to use firewall equipment that will cost us a lot of money or still use the dedicated firewall that the OS provides? Or will the PC-to-firewall conversion will do?  And how is PC-to-firewall different from firewall equipment and Windows firewall?  Edit:   My budget will be $3000 and I need a firewall that has 4-port 10/100/1000 Mbps Gigabit Ethernet switch, Proven firewall, support for separate virtual networks, and strong wireless security help protect the network and business assets High-performance Gigabit Ethernet connections, internally and externally, plus a built-in wireless-N access point, speeds file transfers to improve productivity Stateful packet inspection (SPI) firewall, firewall rules Static URL blocking, keyword blocking, approved URL Also monitor the bandwidth consumed by the user of workstation
I'm looking for a DURABLE AND RELIABLE hard drive for a NAS and I've come to these bad boys.  http://www.wdc.com/wdproducts/library/SpecSheet/ENG/2879-800002.pdf  http://www.wdc.com/wdproducts/library/SpecSheet/ENG/2879-800022.pdf  Advantages of the Pro over the regular:   7200 RPM vs 5400 RPM; RAFF technology for better vibration protection; slightly better failure rate; 128 MB cache vs 64 MB.   Advantages of the regular over the Pro:   larger temperature operating range: 0-65°C vs 5-60°C (seriously?!); since it doesn't have RAFF technology and spins at a lower speed it produces less heat.    And this is what drives me nut, on the long run, keeping it on 24/7, will the less heat generated by the Red make it more durable and reliable compared to the Red Pro? I will operate it in a 2 drives rack, so vibrations and performance is not a problem, I can sacrifice all for durability and reliability. Price is not a problem too. I fear heat though... Whoever has experience in this field is welcome, for your knowledge, which one will last longer without failing?
I'm almost ready to buy a Dell XPS 15 laptop for my job as a software engineer. I work mostly with IntelliJ, Android Studio and Visual Studio. Database services and some other tools.   I do not 3D rendering and do not play games.   So my main question, should i get an i5 CPU or i7? Do i really need the hyperthreading for such applications?  My 2 choices are: i7-6700HQ vs i5-6300HQ.   Thanks
I'am looking for very basic vibration sensors which I could use in a virtual reality environment. I have an HTC Vive and the idea would be to put some basic sensors (preferably wireless) all over the body and to make them vibrate on a specific part of the body when I get touched in the virtual env.  I don't need beautiful or sophisticated sensors but basic one which are wireless and can be controlled from a computer.  I'm in computer science field but have never worked in electronics field, does anyone knows such products?  Thanks
I'm EMF concerned but still need wireless headphones to watch films on my projector without bothering neighbors.  They need to be powerful, robust, highly user friendly and not give EMF-related headache/cancer.
I´m currently facing a situation where i want to Display 4 Windows Screens on a single 80" 4k Display for demonstration purposes.  The ideal solution would be a single graphics card that allows to attach a 4k Display (using Displayport or HDMI 2.0) and emulate 4 FullHD (1080p) Displays to Windows?  Normally, the application is spread accross 4 Windows Monitors(each is 1080p). For Demos i want to display the 4 FullHD Windows Monitors on a single 4k Multitouch 80" Screen stitched together.  I know that there are boxes out there that have 4 Inputs and deliver a single 4k output. I just wonder if there is a GraphicsCard (with drivers) only solution for such a setup.  If there is an AMD/ATI-based solution available, that would be even better (as the application that should be demonstrated is optimized towards AMDs drivers) Any recommendations?
I am looking for a tablet that can run a standard mainline blob-free Linux kernel, and has open firmwares/drivers for the at least the DMA-capable built-in peripherals.  The bootloader must be open-source, permit Boot from Flash, SD-Card, and USB, ideally also PXE (over USB-ETH). and (re-)lockable.  I know, this imposes some restrictions like no phablets, and no Intel/AMD gear. ARM TrustZone user-configurable would be great. AFAICT, when it comes to WIFI, my only choice is Atheros (Are they really blob-free, open-firmware?), or USB-WIFI. I'd rather have no built-in radio interface than closed firmware/drivers for one of them.  I wont play games on this, but I still want graphics card/driver combo available, that can display a decent full-screen full-hd browsing session with a dozen tabs of SE, and the odd YT-vid.  Virtualization-capable 64Bit CPU would be great, but I can live with "only" connecting to my remote Hypervisors from this device.  It doesn't have to be ultra-slim, or powerful with 8+ Cores. USB PortS though I require, at least 2. One hast to be OTG-capable. And some way to output HDMI1.4+ while still capable of OTG, and charging. Memory ideally 2GB+.  A solution could be an Android tablet, modified to run without "problematic" hardware/software, augmented with a better U-Boot, reflashed to run a mainline Linux kernel with some standard distro. But then which one?  Market Availability 2016Q3+ at global Internet retailers. Does it exist?
I hope this is the right spot to post. Im looking for a mouse like the logitech g302 in size and weight but with more macro keys. Do you have any ideas. I really like the g302 but it does not have enough macro keys. I use palm grip mainly. Im having trouble finding mice similar but for small hands. Ill be using it for a laptop and desktop so it would be great if it could be wired and wireless, but i know im getting into high price range asking for that so its cool if it doesnt. Please move this to the appropriate spot if this isnt. Thank you for the help!!
I am wondering, whether a platform with these specifications exists:   Hacking-friendly from open boot-loader up (support for re-locking?) Linux mainline kernel (blob-free?) boot support with SMP. Free/Open device-drivers/firmware for all (built-in) radios/chips. Implementation in tablet form factor available in the market 2016Q3. USB-OTG multi-device support device-side Normal USB-Ports too. USB3 only possible with non-open firmware? Better than simpleFB graphics support. External graphics-out, available while Charging/OTG-ing I would expect a platform with the above specs to run Android too.   To the best of my knowledge, the above automatically excludes all phablets, because there are no (non-ancient) GSM/xG modems with open/updateable firmware. Though I would very much like to be proven wrong on this.  Also, unfortunately, this also seems to exclude all Intel/AMD Gear from the last plenty of years, because they all run a bunch of closed-source operating systems on the various mainboard chips.  I have been following this topic loosely over some time now, and have not found something like the above. Whenever I read about full support for a SOC, it seems to be about a platform not really available commercially anymore.  AFAICT some chipsets come close, but then fall short in important ways. Like the Debian support for Allwinner.  The things I would like to do on/with this device:   Run a standard Linux distro on it (pref. Debian) Run my personal WM, tmux-, emacs-, browser-state-sessions Configure to auto-connect to some BT-HIDs, WIFIs, MiraCast sinks, etc. Connect USB devices like SDR, 3/4G, TTY, ETH, WIFI/BT, HID, V4L, etc. "full-stack" hardware/software firmware/OS/userspace development/tests. Use as (basically) a "PDA" on steroids, instead of a laptop Ideally transmit the (second, big) screen (= the desktop) over HDMI, or USB-ETH-RDP   To me, this use-case -though not quite mainstream yet- does not seem that far-fetched, so I'm wondering, which keyword/project/chipset/etc has been escaping my google-fu so far.
I recently bought a Moto X (second gen) Android smartphone. It came with 16 GB inbuilt storage, but no SD card slot. I still have a lot of storage left, but I can imagine myself running out in the future.   I know that Android devices can use micro USB drives as storage. I plan to use a USB drive for long-term storage, if possible.   I have looked on the internet for suitable USB drives, however most of the devices I have found are designed for short term use (i.e. file transfer). None of these are useful since they all protrue out of the smartphone where they can be easily damaged in everyday usage.  Requirements   Must interface via a micro-USB port Must not protrude out from the device any more than 5(ish) millimeters (i.e. must be suitable for leaving in the device over the long term) Must be at least 8 GB in size (but at least 16 is preferred) Must be compatible with Android Lollipop (this should be any USB device anyway)     A USB device similar to what I am looking for, is the SanDisk Cruzer Fit, but it only plugs into standard USB ports.
I'm looking for small fanless mini PC to install Linux and use it on my desk with the following features:   Linux compatible, Intel i5/i7 or Xeon family (not Atom), should be silent (no any fans), budget up to £1000/1500USD, available to order in EU, standard features such as USB, networking, etc.   The more compute power it has (performance), the better.
My new PC which was bought for gaming has the following parameters:   CPU - Intel Core i5 6600k  DRAM - DDR4-2133 8Gb   MB - Asrock z170 pro4s      SSD Sandisk 128Gb SATA 6Gb/s Single monitor   And I have Asus HD 7750 video card which is the weakest part. I need a video card better than this with price lower than $250.
I currently have an EVGA GTX 660 Superclocked card, but just noticed the fancy offer to buy a GTX 950 and receive £70 in-game 'value'.  My 660 can run most of the games I throw at it at highest settings (i.e. 1920x1080 and setting everything else to its highest), without really faltering. Games like Metro: Last Light can struggle sometimes, but considering the card is three years old, I don't mind too much...  However, I need some help working out whether paying for a new card is worth it at the minute. If I buy a new card, I plan to sell the old one to make back some money, so the price point of around £150 is my limit. I've been thinking about the EVGA SSC 950, because I'm happy with EVGA (unless there is another card which is really worth changing to).  Is the 950 a worthy upgrade after running this one for three years? Are there any cards that would be better? (I'd prefer to stay with nVidia, but I'm open to suggestions). I mean, the card runs fine at the minute and probably will for a few more years to come, but perhaps it's good to keep up with the newer tech?  FYI, the games I currently play or plan to play in the near future are:   World of Tanks War Thunder SM's Civilisation 5 Metro: Last Light GTA V (planned) Rust (planned)     I can't imagine the 660 would be too happy with GTA V at near-highest settings though? I don't mind losing some quality for FPS, but visuals are quite important!   Thanks! :)
I've got a Nexus 6p with a stretch fabric wallet attached to the back.  This is great for storing credit cards since I don't carry a regular wallet, but it does make it difficult to pick a phone case, because the wallet already increases the overall thickness and many case designs don't have a flat enough surface to stick something to.  On the other hand, there are wallet cases that protect the phone, but all the ones I have seen open like a book to access the screen, which isn't acceptable for my work flow.  A case that had a wallet in the back integrated into a dual layer shockproof plastic shell with nothing to obscure the screen would work.  Or a case that only protected the four corners would probably work too, since this is all that is really required to protect the phone from being dropped onto onto a flat hard surface.  Any kind of case that protected the phone without covering the back between the fingerprint sensor and the bottom strip would work too, as it would work with my existing wallet.
Broadly speaking I am looking for a very mobile fully featured desktop replacement laptop.    I currently have Sony Vaio VPCZ138GG (13 inch Full HD screen, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD, GeForce GT 330M, DVD Drive, Win 7 Pro, 3hr battery) purchased in 2010. I have been overall very happy with the purchase in terms of specs, weight, and features. IMO everything aged fairly well (except GFX, as you would expect).  Over the past few years I have been keeping an eye out on a replacement option but have found nothing that ticks all the boxes and today I accidentally dropped my laptop and broke the screen so a replacement is needed.  Usage pattern: The laptop goes where I go and is used for database and front end development during the day and occasional gaming session in the evening.  Must have features:   Display: Full HD or higher, that is useable in sunlight CPU: "powerful" I5 / I7 (ideally not ULV) RAM: 8GB - 16GB HDD: 512GB SSD Weight: under 1.8kg (with battery) Dedicated GFX: something that would manage most games on medium settings    Ports: 3 x USB, mic, headphone, HDMI, Ethernet (RJ-45), (the more the better) Support for 2 or more external monitors. Build / Finish: looking for a high quality "professional" / "business" look. Ability to run Windows (7 Pro ideally)   Optional (in order of priority):    Built in mobile internet (keep in mind that it has to work in Australia)   Replaceable battery  2 in 1 mode (similar to Lenovo Yoga) where it can be converted into a tablet.   Availability of a Docking station    Light weight Power Brick    Long battery life Built in optical drive   Built in card reader   Price: unlimited (ball park figure: up to around 4,500AUD ~ 3,500US)  I have investigated Clevo (with Metabox budge) and while specs are fantastic the weight and "look" are a bit underwhelming.    Can someone recommend a laptop that fits most of the specs?
For my work I use a lot of data. When trying to work with this data this is generally speaking loaded into the RAM.  I want to upgrade my current 64GB RAM desktop as it simply does not cut it anymore. This means I will have to upgrade to DDR4 or to a server set up in either DDR3 or 4. As such a switch is costly to begin with (as it involves switching out processors and the motherboard it seems like I might as well go big. Upgrading to 128 GB seems like a temporary fix.  I was thinking of upgrading to a 512 GB DDR4-2133 set up. This would mean that I have to switch from a regular desktop setup to a server setup as no regular motherboard supports this kind of RAM (to my knowledge).   As this would be the first server I ever build I was wondering if there are certain things I need to be aware of. What are main differences compared to building a desktop ? Can I do without for instance a GPU ? Are the cases for servers significantly different in fan set ups or way I can interface with them ?  Does a motherboard supporting 2 CPU's and 16 RAM slots require me to fill both CPU's to be able to use the full RAM ?   I was thinking about using:   ASUS Z10PE-D16 WS, socket 2011-3                                          x1 Corsair ValueSelect 16 GB DDR4-2133                                       x16 Intel® Xeon E5-1620 v3, 3,5 GHz (3,6 GHz Turbo Boost) socket 2011-3       x2 Samsung 950 Pro, 512 GB SSD                                               x1 Toshiba MD Series, 6 TB HDD (SATA 600, PX3013E-1HR0)                      x1  PSU probably 850 Watts                                                    x1 Watercooling CPU                                                          x2 Case fans                                                                 x? Server case                                                               x1   Apart from the above mentioned questions: Any recommendations as to replace parts by cheaper, but performance wise similar products ? Anything I am missing that I will definitely need ?
I have set up a VM (web development server) on a USB drive, but consider moving it to a SD card. VM has currently around 25 GB; so with a 64 GB card I would probably be safe.  The price is pretty irrelevant, as long as I can justify it to the management.  why?  I don´t want the VM to be stored on the host´s hardware.  And the USB hard drive has two drawbacks:   It is an extra object in my bag and on the table (which might be in a cafe, train, waiting room); an SD card would be much more handy. When the host (a Surface Book) goes into standby, it cuts the power to the USB HD; when it wakes up, the VM won´t respond to anything but switching off or reboot.   consideration:  The card will not only be for putting a few files on it and updating them every now and then, but for actually working on it. The Surface Book supports UHS-I, as far as I could find out.  questions:   Should I chose a certain type of storage? (performance) Should I prefer a certain manufacturer? (reliability, durability)   options:   half size SD - I found Transcend´s JetDrive Lite, designed for MacBook Air/Pro. never found a working microSD to SD adapter; guess the contacts are wearing off fast when you plug/unplug the microSD? But I really like the looks of Bosvision´s microSD Adapter)  usb stick (SanDisk Ultra Fit or something similar): probably 3rd choice, because the Surface has only two USB ports
I'm considering updating my monitor setup to a quad display workstation sometime soon, but I'm having trouble finding a monitor that fits my list of requirements...prepare yourself (in no particular order):   22"-24" (not against bigger...) 16:9 (or wider) 1080p (don't want 4K, it's just too expensive!) Rotating stand (I want the screens to be able to be either portrait or landscape) VGA, HDMI, DVI (though I guess I could skimp on one of them, most likely VGA) thin black/no bezel (again, would be really great, but if it's not possible it's not possible...) No speakers Non gaming Wide viewing angles   These monitors will be used solely as a productivity boost. No gaming at all, so I don't need any gaming related monitor features. They will be used for some graphics work, but nothing serious so maximum colour quality isn't a must, just something "decent".  I'm not too bothered about them having mounting plate points, but I suppose it would be a nice bonus. If they did have them I would probably put together a DIY stand at some point, but for now I definitely want them to all stand and rotate independently.  After all that, I'm not really sure where to cap the cost. The lower the cost the better. I'll judge how realistic this ideal setup is when I know how much it would cost me!  Any suggestions? I'm in the UK, so I'd prefer local options to having to order stuff from abroad. (Bonus points if you can supply a purchase link/cost.)
I'm looking for a device similar to this one:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efs6DaTFLto    I need to scan a barcode and send the text to two computers via USB.  Pics from video:     The device in the video is not for sale and I can't find anything similar elsewhere.
I am looking for a wrist-wearable development platform solution with the following specs:   Some kind of a display that you can see in the dark as well as in bright sunlight. Hardware buttons (as opposed to touch-screen). User-programmable on the CPU level (ideally in C). ANT+ WiFi Low-power Low-cost CPU does not have to be awfully fast, 100MHz would be plenty Somewhat documented interface with working examples It would be nice if the board could run Linux It would be nice if it also had a GPS chip Something that can be mass-produced at some point to turn into a commercial product.   The best I've been able to find on the market is so far Motorola's MotoACTV which becomes an OK development platform once you root it, but it has a few problems:   Definitely not low-power. With display on, and WiFi/GPS/Ant+ sensors off, it lasts maybe only 8 hours. With GPS on only 3. To interface with display and buttons you pretty much have to go through Android as bypassing it creates some serious hurdles - mostly due to the lack of documentation/examples. ANT+ interface is a beast to get working as you have to reverse engineer a lot due to the lack of documentation. I have made some progress there, but have not yet been able to actually obtain the signal. With GPS you are stuck with the Motorola driver which has some serious issues - sometimes it takes 30 minutes to get the signal, then the signal is often not very accurate. I have made an effort to bypass it and write my own, made some progress, but this is another uphill reverse-engineering battle again to due the lack of documentation/examples.   Even if I get everything to work perfectly, this is not a viable commercial development platform.   Ti has Chronos EZ-430 which is sort of in the area, but it is lacking some  capabilities. It might be possible to instrument it with WiFi/Ant+, but if so, I lack the hardware expertise.  Any ideas on how to build my "dream" gadget would be appreciated - either  pre-made product, or a list of parts/instructions how to put them together including the box/wrist-band to make it wrist-wearable.
I have a TiVo Premiere that seems to be in the process of dying, so I'd like to replace it with another DVR (needn't be TiVo, and refurbished is fine).  Less-expensive options are preferable but I want a box that I can just plug in -- I don't want to build my own Linux box for this.  Required:   Works with Verizon FiOS with a multi-stream CableCard. Wired ethernet. Programming by show, including by season: "record $series (all season)" or "record $show (that's on next week)".  The device (or its associated program guide) should do the right thing if something causes programming to run 5 minutes late that night. No monthly fees.  A one-time fee for program-guide services (like TiVo has) is fine, and considered to be part of the cost of the device. Hard drive can hold at least 50 hours of HD recordings. HDMI out.  (I assume they all have that these days.)   Nice to have:   Works with antenna. Two tuners. Supports additional external hard drive (USB). Android app to function as remote control.   Do not care about:   Streaming services.  (My Roku is just fine for that.) Music, photos, web. Paid services (video on demand to watch a hot movie or sporting event, for instance). 4K output. Support for multiple TVs.
I've tried to convert my USB ESC/POS printer to a network printer. I have tried print servers such as the TL-WPS510U, but it only supports PS and PCL. Is there a print server that supports ESC/POS?  If not, is there anyway that I could convert my USB to network printer?  Alternatively, I could purchase Ethernet printer. Is there a way to convert Ethernet printer to WiFi printer? Can anyone recommend hardware that is available to allow Ethernet printer to function as a WiFi printer?
I need a laptop that can support windows XP 64 bit, I need 16gb of ram minimum and a good Intel processor. The WiFi card HAS to be reliable and not keep disconnecting  I know that drivers for modern hardware can be a problem as vendors don't bother to support XP anymore.  I have a dell inspiron e5200 right now, it is hopeless and I've had enough. I have a high end HP laptop, that doesn't support XP very well. and it's also hopeless regardless of what I put on it.  Any suggestions?
To improve my productivity, I’ve been looking for a watch with a minute timer to force myself to complete tasks on time (e.g. 15,30,45…min). Requirements:   Timer should be set via a rotating face: fastest to set (like kitchen minute timers)      Watch must be analog: smartwatches provide too much distraction and need to be recharged constantly. Timer should have vibrating sound: because beeping will be too annoying to me and colleagues on the long run.   Ideally the watch should have casual design.  I've been searching online and asked in several watch stores, no luck finding this.
I'm kind of looking for a replacement and am really confused of the options available so I need suggestion from experts out there!  I've a Linksys WAG 200G ADSL model which had a 54Mbps wifi speed and a fair range.  Since there are a fair number wi-fi devices including 5 network cams, I'm looking for a good modem with nice range (to cover approx area of 750 Sq Ft) and equal or above wi-fi speeds of 300Mbps. I have a 10Mbps ADSL+ Intrenet connection from state owned BSNL India.  I'm looking for a combination of a good ADSL+ modem and Wi-Fi router. Thanks for all the suggestions.
I want to buy a new laptop which I'm going to use mainly for watching movies, write latex documents, using mathematica and programming from time to time.   I am interested in a laptop as lightweight as possible with a good battery life. I was thinking in 13" more or less and I have been recommended the Dell XPS 13 but it is much more expensive in Europe than in the USA. Also, I'm going to install Linux in it as soon as I get it so I don't care about the OS.  Is there any similar and cheaper option? The only other requirement that I have is that I want it to have just a SSD.
A couple of colleagues say their laptops have 2xquad-core i7 processors.  One has an HP envy, the other has a dell precision laptop.  Yet I can't find anything on the dell or hp or on the web about 2xquad-core i7 processors available in a laptop?  Are there laptops out there that have 2xquad core i7 processors?  To give you an idea of use, I'm looking to run around 10 VMs running a range of middleware technologies and databases, the load won't be that great, but would be nice to have the power.  Thanks for your help.
I need to upgrade HP ProBook 4530s disk, what would you suggest, considering following requirements for the SSD:    at least 200 GB max read & write above or around 500 MB/s around 100$, lower is better ;)   The current specs for HP ProBook 4530s are:   4GB Ram i3-2310M (2*2.1 + Multi Threading) 320 GB HDD 7200 rpm 15.6 display   I was thinking Samsung EVO 850 250 GB or ADATA SP550 240 GB. What dou you suggest?
I've tried to Google and searching on sites like Amazon, perhaps I don't know the right keywords.  I am looking for a receiver that can mix multiple inputs.  Right now I have a cheap, passive analog stereo mixer, but this does not help me with things like TOSLINK (optical or coax) and HDMI inputs.  It is also an extra piece of hardware, with extra cabling, etc.  Is there such a thing as a receiver that can select multiple inputs at once (mixing)?  Only having the option of selecting one input at a time is not acceptable for my needs.  If this doesn't exist, I'd be willing to run an amplifier with mixing capability, or a separate mixer device--in that order of preference--if it could take multiple input types (as stated above).
I am a System Admin at an IT Support Services company that supports small and medium sized businesses in the DC metro area.  My boss is getting ready to purchase me a laptop for work.  Not having a laptop with me all day is limiting my efficiency in handling calls I get while on-site with a client; with a laptop I can provide remote support or answers for certain tasks instead of waiting until I get back to my computer at the office.  Essential Specs:     Size: 15.6 or smaller with 1920x1080 resolution or better   CPU: Quad Core Intel i5 or i7   Memory: DDR4 8gb or more expandable (would be open to non-expandable ram depending on what other laptop suggestions)   Keyboard: As close to full sized as possible; keys cannot be too shallow and/or too small.  Number pad would be nice but is not required. WiFi: Dual Band AC     I would like the laptop to have both a HDD for storage and a PCIe NVME SSD for Windows and apps.  Not getting the NVME SSD is not a deal breaker by any means just something that would be useful to me.  I would use the SSD for my boot/app drive and the a HDD SATA drive for storage.
I need a recommendation on a controller to use, which will automatically cause a water flushing system to turn on and off at certain times. I have played around with a LOGO! PLC but it is turning out to be very restrictive. Some qualifications:   Low power usage: the controller only needs to log data every hour or so. It is powered by a solar panel and a battery and cannot draw too much electricity (especially during the winter). A way to configure flushing times. This either could be an attachable/onboard display and interface, or a way to connect externally. If going with the latter, it should act as a simple server and respond to commands, or host a webserver The ability to log data and export it, over a network or onto external storage.   Bonus point for...   An integrated way to connect to a cell network (using a sim card) Being really small!   Any advice or recommendations are greatly appreciated!
I love playing video games, however as it is not a full-time hobby of mine, as I write a lot I am uncomfortable with any other keycaps and I do not want a mechanical keyboard. I am looking for a chicklet key, RGB illuminated (or yellow backlighting), silent keyboard. The only one I have found matching my requirements is the Razer Deathstalker Chroma. While it does look neat and seems perfect for my needs, I find it a bit expensive and am wondering I there isn't a cheaper option.
My company is going to buy a work laptop for me (since I've been using my own for a while), and they are going to let me select it. I don't know exactly what my price-range is, since they wouldn't actually give me a hard-limit when I asked. However, they implied that they would be willing to spend somewhere in the range of $1,000 USD. I will probably select some slightly cheaper and some slightly more expensive ones and let them pick between these.  This laptop will primarily be used for firmware and software development and TwinCAT, as well as general day-to-day office stuff. (Excel, word, emails, etc.) Sometimes I will compile very large projects, or have multiple instances of Visual Studio or a similar IDE open at a time (which isn't all that much, given Visual Studio's system requirements). Beyond that, I don't do anything particularly demanding. I'd like it to boot quickly, so an SSD is a must.   Requirements   As I said, an SSD is a must. My current computer has only 220 GB, and I still have plenty of space left, so we'll say atleast 250 GB. Obviously, more would be nice, though it's not necessary. A 6th-gen intel quad-core CPU. I'd like an I7 or higher, but I could settle for an I5, provided it was still new, quad-core, and fairly powerful. I don't do anything demanding on the GPU, so as long as I can plug an external 1080p monitor into it, that's good enough for me. Bonus points if I can plug a second one in. (Though I might need a docking station at that point) I don't need an insane amount of RAM. As long as I can have Visual Studio x2, Google Chrome, Vim, and Spotify open at the same time. So 8 GB would probably be enough. (Although I'm certainly not against having more) This probably goes without saying, but it should have an 1/8th inch headphone output and several USB 3 outputs. (I can't imagine any modern laptop not having these, but it never hurts to be specific)   Preferences   Support for a docking station, if I want to upgrade peripherals down the road. I develop for ethernet a lot (EtherCAT, modbus/tcp, dhcp, etc.), so an onboard ethernet cable would be really really nice. I could use an adaptor or a docking station, but using onboard ethernet would be a lot more convenient. I'm not really a laptop connisuier, so there are a lot of things that I either don't really care about or don't know how to quantifiy. For example, I have no idea what a good-battery life would be. I'd like a good battery-life, but I don't commute, or have any reason to need a really good one. I also couldn't tell a good one from a bad one. I'm also not super picky when it comes to things like screen size or weight. (Also don't know how to quantify) I don't want something on either extreme (Such as a chromebook or a giant luggable). A 1080p display (or higher if I can get it at this price) would be preferred. I will be able to use the laptop on my own time, so a gpu (or integrated graphics) strong enough for very light gaming would be nice. I already have a computer that can handle pretty much any game, so this is certainly not a requirement. Good linux support would also be a plus.   Neutral   While looking around on my own, I found that lot's of newer laptops in this price range have touchscreens. I am almost completely neutral on a touchscreen. If it could be cheaper without, I'd go with the cheaper one. If they're the same price, I guess I'd go for the touchscreen. I probably wouldn't end up using it very much though. I don't really care which version of windows it comes with. It would be nice if it comes with 7 already installed, but if it comes with 8 or 10, I'll just reinstall 7 anyway. (I already have a license and a CD and all that) I don't have any strong brand preferences. I don't really care about an optical drive (or lack thereof)
Looking to build a value-gaming PC, and it seems like Celeron processors are very cheap for the performance they provide.  I am okay with server motherboards, no preference. Any additional recommendations (if such a setup is possible, anyway) about RAM and I/O ports (USB 3.0 and USB 3.1, Thunderbolt, ethernet) are appreciated.  Suggestions or recommendations about dedicated graphics cards, PCIe/NVMe, SSDs, power supply units - basically anything you can buy and attach to a compatible motherboard - are fine.  But most importantly - is such a setup compatible?  If there is no such compatibility, are there other value processors from Intel that I should look at to accomplish the same task?  Thanks!
I basically need a (arch)linux box to connect a touchscreen monitor(HDMI) to and run a single chrome/ium window in full-screen. So basically a kiosk app.  The web-app has css animations and generous amounts of angular, so the graphics stack has to perform well (cpu too ofc), it being a visually focused app and all. This is actually for a 2nd touchscreen - I have the Apps backend hosted on an intel NUC (intel gpu) and powering one screen, I just couldn't get the two displays to work from the one NUC(or multiseat to work from one GPU - even though there are 2 HDMI outputs), so I figured a quick solution is to just get a cheap device to power the 2nd display.  I was considering a Rasberry Pi 3 - but I don't own one, so I'm not sure how well Chrome performs. There's also the intel's Compute Stick, but I don't know if that's any good, seems like some people got ubuntu to run on  it okay.  The only other requirement is an ethernet port, at least one USB port and a case (as for rasberry pi 3). Thank you for any suggestions.
I have pretty much no experience or knowledge about modern hardware, other than the past couple hours I've spent researching it.  I built a rig online here: http://pcpartpicker.com/list/BwmgLD  I was hoping for any advice/recommendations.  Anything that I'm paying too much for, that I wouldn't notice a difference with a cheaper option.  Anything that I'm potentially bottlenecking my setup by going too cheap.  Any brand that I chose that is know for being unreliable.  Etc.  There are a couple notes on compatibility shown, it seems like they wouldn't be problems for me but if you think it will let me know.  I especially know nothing about what makes a case good or bad, and what is necessary with the power supply.  I have never put a rig together before, I do have experience soldering from my EE degree.  I don't even know if you have to solder stuff together, but if the case influences the ease of assembly let me know.  I already have a ergodox keyboard. I have heard a gaming mouse isn't really any better than a normal one.  And I plan to have a triple monitor set up eventually.  I prefer to develop on linux, but I figured for gaming I'll need to get windows and maybe run linux on a vm.  The price is about where I'd like it, maybe a bit cheaper if possible.  But working on this computer is going to be my livelihood so I can spend some more if necessary.  And just any general advice for someone trying to build a rig for the first time would be great.
I'm converting my Playstation 4 to a SSD and I'm unsure which drive would be best for this. I don't have alot of knowledge about these drives and I couldn't find any reviews about them. Essentially, I'm looking for faster game boots and not really worried about storage. The 2 that I'm debating between are as follows:  http://www.canadacomputers.com/product_info.php?cPath=179_1229_1088&item_id=080111  OR  http://www.canadacomputers.com/product_info.php?cPath=179_1229_1088&item_id=094585  Some explanation as to which would be best is much appreciated.  TYIA
I need a router with OpenVPN.   So, I'm looking into a router with OpenWRT or DD-WRT support.  The router must be able to handle OpenVPN.  I need as many LAN Ports as possible. Minimum of 4.  I don't have much money so I want the cheapest one possible.
The market for laptops with 17 inch displays is small, but it's the only size that works for me when using the machine daily. I am looking for a 17" laptop with quality and performance comparable to premium 13" machines, in particular   Very high build quality Metal case High quality keyboard At least a recent Core i5 with 3.2 GHz At least 16 GB RAM SSD with at least 256 GB High DPI display Must run Linux without requiring custom kernels or similar hacks Bonus if the keyboard does not have a numpad, which is useless to me and only serves to move the main keys off-center GPU performance is not critical as I have no interest in gaming or graphics work   The build quality part seems to be the most difficult to fulfill; as usual most laptops that are not built by Lenovo, HP or Apple feel like toys rather than heavy-duty tools designed for professional work.
I recently got a new monitor the Asus ROG Swift PG279Q: 1440p, 144hz, with g-sync.  I currently have i7-3770k, 32gb ram, with 2x GTX 670 powering it.  My question is what gpu would be a good fit for this monitor.  I am a little unclear on how g-sync effects the requirements.  Should I be trying to get my fps 120+? I am getting ready to get a new gpu but I want to make sure I get one that does not leave me under-powered to take advantage of what my monitor offers.  I have been a fan of Geforce for a while and with the 1080/1070 it is a choice between to two unless there would be a big reason I should wait for a 1080ti.  From the benchmarks on YouTube of The Witcher 3, it seems people get around ~60fps at 1440p with everything maxed.  While Ultra is not necessary I would like to be able to do a mix of high/ultra level settings.  I am currently playing The Witcher 3: Blood and Wine and will be getting Dues EX: Mankind Divided when it is released, after those I will probably look into either Fall Out 4 or Rise of the Tomb Raider.  I would rather not spend $800+ on a gpu but if it will save me money a year later, I would rather buy 1 gpu then have to another for SLI 6-12 months later.
My primary desktop PC is due for a refresh.  I have always built my own, but I might have reached the point where it's worth the extra ~$100 to buy a pre-built machine.  The biggest reason I haven't in the past is that I like my machines to run quiet &ndash; not silent, just with no rattles or high-speed fans.  I ran my latest small tower with the side panel removed at all times.  I'm not an overclocker or gamer.  What I had in mind was something like the following:   i7-6700 (seems to be the sweet spot for price-power-performance right now) 16GB RAM expandable to 32GB 80+ PSU My current monitors are DVI, but I eventually want DP so that I can run 4k monitors.  (I don't know if this is integrated in any MBs.  If not then just a slot for a suitable graphics card when I decide to upgrade that side of things.)   Whatever I get I'll clean build O/S onto a SSD, and run a 7200rpm secondary drive for data.  Given the "quiet" objective, and given that I can run the case wide open as an alternative to pricey quiet cooling systems, which machine should I buy?  (Or should I just build again?)
I'm looking for a laptop. I plan on using it for watching videos and possibly some graphical design. This is why I'd like it to be a convertible. It's pretty inconvenient to do those things with a big keyboard in your way. Also, I need a minimum resolution of 1080p ( I wouldn't mind having higher but I don't have much to gain by going higher than that ). Lastly I'd like hardware compatible with hackintosh. I want to use hackintosh for development. I plan on using Xcode to compile any apps I make to ios and I'd like to be able to test programs I write on mac. Also I will probably end up writing code on this laptop. With these things in mind there's a good chance I will be doing a fair amount of compiling. Thats why I would like it like it to be quad-core.  Here are some features that I would like, but aren't totally necessary:   no number pad ( it effects the shape of the keyboard and I think it looks ugly ), touchscreen ( I'd use that for drawing ), An SSD would be nice for fast boot, not to flimsy ( a lot of laptops now are really thin and lightweight. I don't want something too different from that but I'd prefer something that doesn't feel flimsy. This isn't that necessary though. I'll take whatever I can get with all these requirements I've listed ;) )   Any help would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks :)
I have a ubuntu desktop that has always connected to the network via ethernet. It's simple - eth0 is there in ifconfig, I run dhclient eth0, and I'm good to go. It's been this way for ages.   Due to wiring constraints, I need to switch over to using wifi. There is a lot of information via google, wikipedia, et al about what is possible, which chipsets are supported, which drivers support which chipsets, and tables showing a cross-section of all of that. However, today I'm looking for a recommendation of "easiest thing to plug into your computer, and have wifi0 (or whatever) in ifconfig".  I don't mind if it's PCI or USB - I was hoping for someone to tell me "Yeah, just buy this thing, plug it in, and use this program to find the AP and connect. I did it last week, and it was simple.". Sorry for such a rudimentary question - I've been clinging to the ethernet cable as long as I could. I knew this day would come.  Bonus points for it working when installing ubuntu (or any linux distro) in the installer.  Thanks!
I am looking for an internal PCIe WWAN (UMTS or LTE) card that will work flawlessly with Linux (specifically Ubuntu, currently on 16.04) on a HP EliteBook 6930p. My requirements are:   A internal device that I don't have to plug in before I can use it. All software (drivers etc.) available as packages from the standard repos Reliability, no major stability issues.   I have used a Huawei USB stick as well as an Option ExpressPort adapter, both of which were plug-and-play and worked reliably – were it not for the fact that they are additional external devices to carry around, violating #1.  I have also tried two PCIe cards: one is the stock HP un2300 (GOBI 2000), which will not be recognized without providing a firmware blob (which needs to be extracted from the Windows driver package and placed somewhere in the filesystem) – which is a major hack operation and thus violates #2 (and still doesn't work after the operation, thus also violating #3). The other is an Ericsson F5521gw (tried in a different laptop), which is recognized instantly and requires no more than entering basic network parameters to connect – but will at some point go into sleep mode and never wake up again, thus violating #3.  Ubuntu has a list at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/NetworkManager/Hardware/3G, but it appears somewhat unclear as to what works out of the box and what requires hacking.  PC Engines has a short list of PCIe 3G modems supported by their hardware, which (among others) runs various flavors of Linux, but no information on support level.  pfSense has a list of 3G/4G modems known to work. As pfSense is BSD-based, the list may be of limited relevance to Linux – though devices on the list are likely to have a free driver for a non-Windows OS, which in turn makes it likely that a Linux driver is also available for these devices (or will be at some point). On the other hand, the HP un2300 is also on the list, despite the requirement to download a firmware blob, just like its successor, the un2400 (GOBI 2000).  Does anyone know of PCIe UMTS adapters known to work with Ubuntu or Debian, or have any other way of figuring out whether I can expect a given device to work with Ubuntu (other than by trying it out)?
I'd like to setup a home server with GPU capabilities. I want to run virtual servers on it that would allow my group members to connect to their virtual machines and run scientific calculations.  What hardware would you recommend? My budget is up to $2,000.
I'm adding a 7200rpm 3TB data drive to my desktop.  I have a long list of drives with 64MB cache and SATA-3 connectors, but what I really want to know is which will be quiet &ndash; in particular the read/write crane movement.  I've had everything from drives that sound from the other side of the room like marbles rattling around in a cement mixer to drives so quiet that I have to press my head against the case to hear that the heads are moving.  Since there are a large number of makes and models of drives that satisfy my performance specs, how can I select ones that are likely to have quiet R/W performance?
I'm looking for a Kindle-style reader device which supports offline RSS reading, either built-in or via a third-party app. It would ideally be a standard RSS reader app running on the device directly, but failing that, it could be a cloud-based solution that would push regular digests/periodicals to the device. I wouldn't want anything requiring cables and syncing to a PC.  I'm surprised that I've been able to find a single app or service for any such device, but maybe I overlooked one in my research.
I've been trying to find and purchase a monitor that has more than 500 nits, but that seems to be about where normal monitors top out at. I've looked a little bit at outdoor monitors and displays, but those tend to have price ranges that are out of this world for consumers and further, one that I bought, I found only has a brightness of 500 nits (advertised). The difference between the indoor and outdoor monitors appears to be the anti-reflection coating and weatherproofing done on them. Neither of these things do I really need when I just want a super bright monitor.  Does anyone know of a monitor with higher than 500 nits? Also, as a soft boarder, under $1000 dollars would be ideal.
I want to build a low power relatively cheep NAS that can hold at least two drives. I want to go the DIY route since I'm blind and would rather do everything from the command-line instead of relying on a third party GUI that may or may not be accessible. What would good hardware be for this? All the single board computers I've found appear to have either one or no SATA ports. I'd prefer a pre-built system that only requires hard drives but can build a computer from scratch if required.
I was willing to buy a digital frame for my photos but, after some research and seeing the prices, I'm starting to think that a tablet under 100 USD should perform much better than the digital frames available (i.e, I've read many people complaining about the software, the quality of display, the resolution, the inconvenience of not having a USB port).   My intention is to spend between 50 and 100 USD for a device that has HD display and that can be easily put into shuffle mode for pictures or put to sleep at night. It would be awesome if it had a SD/USB slot. Ideally, it wouldn't mess with the resolution commonly used with smartphones/digital cameras. My guess is that Android devices would be more complete/versatile than closed, end product, digital portraits, am I correct?
I want to build a new PC for myself and have a question about my graphics-card.  I don't know which to buy: 1x Asus ROG Nvidia GTX 1080 2x MSI Nvidia GTX 970 (+1x SLI-Bridge)  What would be most effective and also the best for the future, because I want to use this computer for a longer time (because I dont want to spend so much money every 2 years)  Please explain your statement (why you think XY is better then AB)
I wanted to build a home NAS server (running FreeBSD and ZFS). I used the Intel Pentium Processor G2020T (22 nm, Processor Base Frequency @2.5 GHz) with the hope that it would have at 22nm performance equivalent to its i-Family brothers for non-graphics/gaming applications. The machine also got a respectable motherboard and 8GB DDR3 RAM.   My question is mainly "academic": I would like to know if a powerful graphics card would "take over" all the graphics handling tasks so that the CPU graphics would not matter. In other words can a good Video card compensate for the graphics subsystem that is lacking from the processor?  Many thanks and apologies if any of my questions are incorrect for lack of deeper knowledge in the field.
With the new graphics card generation our PCs should be prepared for 4k gaming with HDR.  But what about monitors? Are there any available that you can recommend? I've been searching and couldn't find a single one that explicitly supports HDR and has Display Port 1.4.  Additional question if it's not off-topic: What are the features I have to look for that indicate that a monitor supports 4k HDR? Maybe I've just been searching under the wrong assumptions.
I wanted to buy a second Cherry G80-3000LQCDE-2 keyboard for the workplace because I have been very comfortable using it at home for years. However I noticed that it is not available any more, at least in Germany. Can someone shed light on why it was discontinued and what similar (preferably Cherry) keyboard I can get instead? It should be mechanical, affordable, with pressure point (not linear) switches and not too loud. Not bells and whistles, just a keyboard with German layout.  According to https://deskthority.net/wiki/Cherry_G80-3000, the Q in the LQCDE identifier stands for clear switches so I would prefer ones with similar feel but, if possible, less typing noise. https://www.cherry.de/PDF/DE_G80-3000.pdf does not show this type anymore, however, it only lists ones with black, blue and brown switches. Which ones are more most suitable for my requirements?  I paid 55 € for my old one and don't want to spend much more than that.
I'm going to study for a bachelor in applied maths in the fall, and naturally, it will involve a lot of programming, computer simulations etc. The degree I'm pursuing relies heavily on scientific computation and object oriented programming with Java, Matlab and Python. However, I don't expect my studies will require a laptop in the top range of computing power.  Thus I will need a computer (laptop) that is suited for such tasks, but also one that is lightweight and easy to carry around campus and has a long battery life. A good keyboard, screen, touchpad etc are of course highly desirable, as well.  Does anyone have any suggestions or recommendations for PCs that I should consider (I don't think Apple is an option for me). Being a student I'm not interested in going much above $ 1000, at most a couple hundred above. If you have any specific models in mind, that would be welcome, but I'm equally interested if you know about any specific brands that may have several well suited models.  Thank you in advance for helpful suggestions. EDIT: I'm currently looking at the Asus UX305 or the UX303 series.
I have a laptop with gtx960m and i7-3610qm(6M Cache, up to 3.30 GHz). I can play with it at 720p30 on medium settings and can't record my games (that's the most important point) more than 480p30.  I'm looking for a build with which i can play on 1080p60 on average while recording my games at the same definition/frame rate.  I prefer to not use sli, and I'm going to buy a i7-4790k (8M Cache, up to 4.40 GHz).  My requirements for a graphics card are:   able to render 1080p60 in the latest games in ultra settings able to render 1080p60 in last games while recording   I have been looking at the gtx970, but I am not sure if it fits the requirements.
Searching for a router, maybe a router/DSL modem hybrid that is a bit robust. I don´t care about speed; anything on the current market will suffice; but I´d like something that can take a few bumps without getting bruised.  I´m not talking about outdoor computing or industry requirements, although the Siemens Ruggedcom look like fine pieces of engineering. Does anybody have experience with these? Does the 1400 also have DSL connectivity? And what do they cost (in germany, if you can tell)?    I want a router that can take some changes in weather, voltage, amperage and will last a few years with all the network roadworks that go on these days (and will surely not subside). I.e.:   capacitors should have a good deal of tolerance to power surges components should not be too tightly packed (good heat dissipation) should not require active cooling   additional requirements:   MAC filter is a must-have should have no problems to handle up to a dozen WLAN devices Are there any routers for home/office use that allow taking a look at their innards?   nice to have (not required, but please mention if your recommended device has it)   VPN support: very nice USB slot: nice (for a printer or network drive) SIM slot: luxury
I want to buy a wired keyboard to travel with, so I want a small sized one. I request for advices, please.  Requirements:     No wireless keyboards in any manner (no bluetooth, infrared, radio... etc). This is a question about wired keyboards.   Foldable keyboards accepted. USB and PS2 connectors accepted. Both would be fine. No need for mouse: it will increase the size of the keyboard, and this question is about small keyboards. It is logical that there will be some switch/keycap quality sacrificing, but not-too-bad switch/keycap quality would be preferred. Thumb keyboards accepted.
I am planning to assemble a desktop and was looking to purchase a PSU for my system.  My Config  i7 6700k Asus Z170-P - LGA1151 -http://goo.gl/5QMajz Cooler Master 212x -http://goo.gl/kAPM3D GTX 1070 1 tb HDD 7200 rpm 5 120mm LED fans 16 GB DDR4 RAM (2100 mhz)  EDIT I would not be upgrading the system for a while and I would not buy any additional graphics card to be used in an SLI way.     Would Corsair 650w - http://goo.gl/jnI6BS be an adequate?  My budget is less than INR 5000.  Thanks,
Looking to buy a VPN capable router, for less than 10 concurrent users. It needs to handle IPSec and have us be able to connect to it from both OS X and Windows clients.  Preferably it needs to work with Cisco AnyConnect but any router that allows us to obtain a certain ip/subnet after connecting to the vpn is fine.  We've tried using a Cisco RV042 with no luck.
I need to get really tough over the ear headphones for my pre teen kids. I am not interested in Beats and want something that is over the ear and that will last. High bass is not a priority. They are strictly for listening and don't require a mike.
I am in the market for a new laptop, and I was wondering if anyone knew of a good laptop for less than $400 that world have decent performance (preferably at least an Intel i3) and would work well with Ubuntu. I will be using it for programming, surfing the web and writing documents.  Thank you for your suggestions
In my Dell Inspiron 15R SE I have the original fan. The CFM of this fan is 9.3.  Can I replace that fan with this one? The CFM on this fan is much higher 65. Will there be any performance issues and noise? Is it better to use the fan of the same brand?
I've started using Cycles Render in Blender for a specific project. I've set up CUDA on my Linux machine to enable rendering with the GPU however discovered that my graphics card, an old GeForce GT 520, does GPU rendering much more slowly than the render with the CPU (Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-2600K CPU @ 3.40GHz).  At this point, my budget for a new graphics card is R$800 (Brazilian Real) and the cheapest local online market for cards here is this one:   http://www.kabum.com.br/hardware/placa-de-video-vga?ordem=5&limite=30&dep=01&sec=14&cat=&sub=&pagina=1&string=  Within my budget and in the GeForce line, I've found:  GTX 750 Ti 2GB  Geforce GTX 950 2GB  Are these likely to improve performance significantly over the performance of my CPU? Or are they too low-level? Other suggestions?  Thanks
I currently utilize a single Amazon Web Services EC2 t2.micro server on Windows Server 2012 R2 for my multiplayer gaming services (providing server listings). Due to many reasons, I need to modify the system to utilize an efficient DBMS as well as a web interface.  Currently the EC2 server runs the main server program (uses a local SQLite database), and I use external web-hosting to provide the website.  My initial draft of the new system has a total of three servers, plus an optional fourth for game-server hosting:   Server 1 (32GB RAM, 4 CPU Cores, 200GB HDD): Database Server 2 (8GB RAM, 2 CPU Cores, 100GB HDD): Main Application Server 3 (8GB RAM, 2 CPU Cores, 100GB HDD): Web Control Panel Server 4 (8GB RAM, 4 CPU Cores, 200GB HDD): Game-server hosting   Hosting all this on AWS would be... expensive, and as a result I'm looking for a dedicated server where I can host these four servers via HyperV (I have a genuine Windows Server 2012 R2 Datacenter licence, so I can do this easily).  For a database server I understand that RAM and CPU are the most important, and as the main application runs on the t2.micro server without any issues (it uses hardly anything), it does not need much to run. The same can be said for the web control panel, and the game-server hosting VM will be just one game and a couple of servers.  I'm therefore looking for a dedicated server for rent that has the following:   The ability to use my own Windows Server licence, rather than paying a fee to use theirs; Fully dedicated so HyperV can be used (I'll also be using Bosun, which absolutely requires virtualization to be supported by the CPU Supports my desired configuration and be sub-£100 (~$132) DDoS protection available Support for at least three extra IPs (some have a limit on extra IPs, which is why I mention it) Must be located in Europe   I have found three servers that match my specification:   The £100 server from Zare, including i7 6700K, 64GB DDR4 RAM, 1TB HDD, and DDoS protection MC-128 from OVH (slightly over budget), Xeon E5-160 v2, 128GB DDR3 RAM, 2x 480GB SSD, DDoS Protection (unsure about supporting BYOL- I asked them and will update when they respond) So you Start - 96G ECC 2xE5606 8c/8t HardRaid 2x2TB Server: I reserved this one (at no cost) and can't find it on their site anymore, but at its price point it looks like it is a VPS and not a true dedicated server.   Which of these three servers should I use, and why?
I'm currently search for a new custom PC and one of the hardest part to me is to choose what case should i go to.  I'm looking for a case that can fit perfectly the motherboard MSI Z170A M7 and the cpu cooler Corsair H100i V2 and the requirements are:   It was good space inside, but dont to be very big outside  Can implement a good ventilation system (at least 2 fans on the bottom front, and 1 on back top), the place to install the H100i should be on the top since the heated air tend to go up and not down. Filters for fans Space for the list of components bellow. At least space for one optical drive,  For last the price as an important factor.    This will be the list of components that I'm thinking, since it can help on te decision of the case.   MSI z170A M7 I7 6700k Samsung 950 512GB M.2 Corsair Vengence 16(2x8)GB 3200MHZ Corsair H100i V2 Corsair RM750x  GPU still thinking, but consider Gtx 1070 or 1080. On the future it will be added a second Samsung 950 512GB M.2 for raid 0 and a ide for data.   So I'm looking for the best case for the setup and the pros and cons of the case.  Thanks.  PS. I'm not into the led fancing thing but if the case is the best and has leds i don't mind.
I would like to put two ssd drivess in my new PC. one with Windows 10 and the other with the latest Ubunbtu.  I tried this with my current setup without success, but I've also a RAID controller in my setup which is not helping ^^  Also I tried to plug some portable device and boot from usb, this works when you've installed the ubuntu ISO image on the harddrive, but I would like to have the installed system. Installing went fine, just booting not ^^ Hung up in some very creepy grub console o.O  However, this is a hardware platform, so I'm asking for mainboard (or some controller stuff?) recommendations fitting my needs with dual boot support.  I currently have a Dell Studio XPS 8100
Not sure if this is the best forum for this. If it is not, can you point me in the general direction of the best one?   I would like to play a video game that needs 1GB of dedicated RAM to the graphics card. When I use the "Can I run it" site, it tells me that there is only 32 MB of dedicated graphics RAM. When I run the game it is unbearably choppy and I am not able to play it.   I have included Device Manager and dxdiag screenshots. The Display screenshot says that I have just about 4GB of RAM for graphics. I have checked all the drivers, they are up to date. I have attempted to go in to the BIOS and change the amount, as recommended by some Google searchage, but there is no option in there that I can find. I've selected every single option I can, just in case it's lurking somewhere I wouldn't expect to find it. Is there anything else that I can do, other than replacing the card, to satisfy the game requirements?
I have single gtx 760 3gb and still have room for another gpu. Should I go for a newer like 970 or 980 or get SLI? How better is 980 from 760 sli?
As a local government, we generate lots of paper documents and currently are experiencing issues typical with storing them in paper form.  There are parts to this: 1. Millions of OLD documents going back decades that need to be scanned and 2. The newer documents generated by the various government departments yearly. So the amount of documents being scanned per day will depend on the cost of the solution. The goal is the do a thousand documents per day   I know a digital solution would be best, but for judicial reasons, I can only store them on microfiche. So, I am researching an enterprise (both hardware & software) solution for storing/archiving paper documents.
I am interested to build a new desktop PC having as starting point G3258 CPU overclocked at 4-4.5GHz. It's well known the fact that the overclocking subject regarding this CPU it's pretty twisted. I've read different infos telling that once, this CPU was overclockable on Motherboards with B85, H87, H81, Z87, Z97 chipsets; Lately, I've read about a Win 10 update that cut this possibility but not so sure if this will apply on Z chipset Mobos or not(?)  Having said that, which is in your opinion your Motherboard recommendation in order to use this CPU in OC mode please? (if there is anyone that use a machine with this CPU overclocked); I've studied these:  ASUS Z97M-PLUS  ASUS Z97-K  ASROCK Z97 Anniversary  ASROCK Z97 PRO4   But I can't decide...
I want a 3g Modem.  I want it to work without running the propreitary install.sh provided on the modem as a U3 disk.  I want it to work with open drivers.  I bought D-Link DWM-157 but it seems to need propreitary drivers and the Windows certificate for the exceutble is revoked cos of a leak of certificates.  The companies that are easily available where I live are ZTE, HUAWEI, TP-LInk, D-Link.  Go to http://amazon.in and http://ebay.in for checking if the particualr model is available.
I need a Z170 or H170 motherboard that allows an M.2-2280 PCIe 3.0 x4 SSD and still has one PCIe 3.0 x16 open.   PCPartPicker part list: http://pcpartpicker.com/list/xMkhqk Price breakdown by merchant: http://pcpartpicker.com/list/xMkhqk/by_merchant/  CPU: Intel Core i5-6600 3.3GHz Quad-Core Processor  ($200.00) Memory: G.Skill Ripjaws V Series 32GB (4 x 8GB) DDR4-2133 Memory  ($104.99 @ Newegg) Storage: Samsung SM951 128GB M.2-2280 Solid State Drive  ($105.99 @ Amazon) Case: Fractal Design Define S ATX Mid Tower Case  ($69.99 @ SuperBiiz) Monitor: Dell P2415Q 23.8" 60Hz Monitor  ($280.00) Total: $760.97 Prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when available Generated by PCPartPicker 2016-07-06 06:12 EDT-0400
I built a desktop computer probably about 8 years ago when the first series of i7 processors (i7 920) were released. I pulled this out of my dusty cupboard yesterday where it has sat unused for about 4 years.  I am interested in possibly building a new PC soon, and so I have started researching various components.  I noticed that my current system supports both hyper-threading and triple channel memory. Most of the current intel CPU's seem to fall into one of 2 categories.   They are either about the same price as I bought my i7 920 for (I think about 250 GDP) and have dual channel memory and often do not have hyper-threading. Or they are significantly more expensive and have both hyper-threading and quad channel memory.   I wonder why it is that CPU's are being manufactured without hyper-threading considering that technology has been around for quite some time. (My understanding is this is an intel only patented technology, however.) But this is not my main question.  I want to know how do current intel CPU models perform compared to my i7 920.  My expectation is that even though I have triple channel memory, my memory clock is either 1066 Mhz or 1333 Mhz, and current DDR3 clocks exceed 2 Ghz. DDR4 modules I have seen start at about 2 Ghz. Therefore I expect modern dual channel configurations probably produce about the same memory bandwidth performance if not more.  Current intel CPUs clock about 3.5 Ghz stock, whereas my CPU clocks at 2.66 Ghz stock. Naively higher clock is faster, but does the performance vary with and without hyper-threading?  My question comes down to should I invest money upgrading my system? (Since this is perhaps subjective, what I really want to know is measurements of the performance difference.) And most importantly, are there any benchmark tests which compare older i7's to current i7's?  Subsequently Added Info  I will be using my system for data processing. Typically this involves a small number of CPU operations on large (~ 6 terrabytes) quantities of data. As a consequence, performance is usually limited by memory bandwidth and disk bandwidth.  Disk bandwidth is typically a problem which you can either deal with in an effective way by changing how your code works (eg; parallelize it so less time is spend loading data from disk), or you can't deal with at all.  Memory bandwidth is subject to a large number of things. In my experience, 3 channel memory will ensure exactly 3 times more bandwidth than an identical system in single channel mode. I would assume intel have reverted to average consumer CPU's being dual channel because most users, even gamers, probably do not run up against memory bottlenecks in the everyday use of their computers. Having "more megahertz" in your RAM is often only useful if your CPU/motherboard combination can run at those higher speeds. For example, the motherboard I am using with the i7 920 has memory speeds of 1066 / 1333 Mhz, and up to 1866 Mhz as "overclock". But I could never get anywhere near that. 1333 was sometimes a challenge, and the memory I was using was rated 1600 Mhz...  Appendix  I found some info here which compares intel i7 920 to 6700K and 4790K.  http://cpuboss.com/cpus/Intel-Core-i7-920-vs-Intel-Core-i7-6700K  But the info on this website makes no sense. They conclude that they recommend the 6700K even though it performs worse in single process and mutli-process tests. I personally do not think this is a reliable source.
I am looking for recommendations for an air cooling solution which will fit either LGA 1366 or LGA 775 motherboard mounts.  Ideally I am looking for the best performance, but certainly want something quieter than the stock intel cooler. (Which makes a horrendous racket.)  I have heard that Akasa coolers perform well. See this link. (However this is quite outdated now.) http://www.theregister.co.uk/2009/07/07/review_accessory_cpu_coolers/?page=7  In terms of price, of course the lower the better. I would prefer not to spend more than about $60 or 50GDP. If I end up spending that much I guess I might as well but a Zalman CNPS8900, which I have heard also performs well. Edit: Just read some more about the CNPS8900 - apparently its very noisy when running at full speed.
Can someone recommend a Wireless N PCI Card (not PCIe) for pfSense 2.3.1 that is based on FreeBSD 10.3?
I'm searching for a good headset for gaming and hearing music. And I don't know which headsets are good and which aren't.  To specify my question, I'm searching for a headset, that   is good for gaming / hearing music (good sound quality) costs between 100€ and 200€ is well-made (lasts for a long time) supports 600ohm soundcard is made out of metal (e.g. aluminium) [not really needed if it's well-made] has a good microphone for recording + teamspeak   I hope somebody knows something that fits these "requirements". If possible, the headset can also have   a controller led lights a black and red color scheme   I have already taken a look at some things and thought about buying a beyerdynamics MMX 300 but this costs too much and is literally just a headset with a microphone. Another headset I thought would be good is an Astro a40 but this would be a little bit too expensive.     If you think I can't get everything I want with this budget, let me know.
So far, it appears the only thing I can get if I want a device that's even remotely modern is the Blackberry Priv, but I could be wrong, hence the question.  My hard requirements (it's a dealbreaker without them):   The keyboard, as mentioned in the topic. Decent app ecosystem (this eliminates all other BB devices) OS that still gets security updates Good performance (the UI should not hitch and stutter under daily use) Supported on the Verizon network   Secondary concerns (nice to haves):   Can be rooted/jailbroken At least a 1080p screen Battery life should last a full day under light use OS still gets feature updates   Price no object; nearly any phone can be had via carrier discounts or secondhand.
I am building a new server. The existing server has what I consider a very nice case (for my needs). It is 10 years old but in like-new condition.   I want some advice on keeping that case and PSU (while replacing the motherboard, CPUs, storage, memory and almost everything else).  The existing case is an Intel® 5U Server Chassis with dual 730 W RPS hot-swappable redundant power supplies, hot swappable fan modules, hot-swappable drive bays and more. I believe the chassis is from the Intel®  SC5400 Family. It was originally sold as a Gateway E-9510T Server R1 [Part #WME876246].   It has the 5U rack conversion kit, and I have a place for it in the rack. Space is not a problem.   This document appears to reference the same chassis I have (and it includes some diagrams so you can get an idea what it looks like).  Microsoft Word - TPS_SC5400_Rev_1 0_AJ2.doc - sc5400_tps_rev10.pdf ftp://ftp.actina.pl/sterowniki/www/Dokumentacja/S5000PSL/sc5400_tps_rev10.pdf    The power supplies look like this (except 730 Watt): https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00QR19214      The potential problems with the case are:   the fans are very loud, so I would have to replace them with something quiet half of the hot-swappable drive bays are for SCSI disks; I will be using SSDs for fast storage half of the hot-swappable drive bays are SATA, but not the latest SATA standard; I will be using multiple Seagate 8 TB Archive SATA III HDDs instead.   My biggest question is whether the 730 W RPS hot-swappable redundant power supplies are worth keeping. I will be using a Super Micro X10DAL motherboard with dual Xeon E5 26XX v3 CPUs. Will these older PSU output clean enough power?  Also relevant: I have a complete spare case, which gives me 2 more PSU in case I have a failure as well as a spare of every other part I might need.  Bottom line: Should I try to reuse this Intel Server Chassis for my new build? Or is it just too outdated?  If I don't, I'll be using a standard PC case with a normal PSU (not a server chassis). Nothing will be hot-swappable and I won't have redundant PSU. The case I'll go with is a Fractal Design Define R5 and the PSU will be an EVGA Supernova T2 1000W 80+ Titanium.
Do you have any suggestions for a cheap device that can be plugged into the LAN NIC of a pfSense Box, and allow for ip addresses to be dolled out via it's DHCP Server?  I'm trying to filter internet access using the pfSense proxy server, I'm currently using a pretty good router to do this same thing, and I was looking for a cheaper alternative.  pfSense / FreeBSD doesn't play well with wireless NICs, which is the reasoning behind the setup.
I want a heavy, wired gaming mice. It need the following requirements:   Must be wired Must be heavy (120g - 150g), having removable weights would be great Must have at least 2 programmable buttons on the side Must cost no more than CAD$90 Must be from a reputable brand (e.g. Logitech, Razer, Steelseries, etc.) Must have lighting, preferably RGB Must be big, around the size of the Logitech G602 or Razer Deathadder 2013   I would like recommendations, preferably with links to Canadian retailers (such as NCIX, Canada Computers, Memory Express, etc.).
I am looking to buy a gaming laptop. I own a 15.6 inch laptop and it works perfectly fine for me. I don't travel much either so a 17 inch laptop is also not a problem, but as a last resort of my online research I want to see if there is any 15-16 inch laptop. My eyes are set on this laptop, I wish I could find an exact same laptop like this, but with 15-16 inch screen size.  Asus ROG G751JT-WH71  Also for the given price range around $1200 or less, is there any better gaming laptop that you would recommend? I also plan to use it for media creation like stuff from Adobe products, and 3D stuff from Maya, Blender etc.  Thanks
I'd like to add Thunderbolt I/O to an ASUS Z10PE-D16/4L motherboard. Hopefully through a PCIe card. It seems ASUS ThunderboltEX II isn't compatible, and HP Thunderbolt-2 PCIe 1-Port I/O Card F3F43AT isn't compatible with anything past HP's products. Are there any other PCIe cards that could or are known to work? It doesn't have to be TB 2 or 3.
I'm looking for a very simple switch-on-a-chip to add to a design. I have a small but capable processor on the board already. That has SPI and USB available for a control interface.  I'm not really up-to-speed on switch chipsets.  Ideally I am trying to find 6, 8 or 10 port 100 base-T and a single 1000 base-T with as little host requirements as possible. Basically I'm taking 8 ports in and spitting them out down a gigabit link.  Anyone have any words of wisdom?
I have a system with multiple keyboards, and one CPU. The problem is, if person 1 is entering a value from keyboard 1 and person 2 enters the value from keyboard 2 at the same time, the value entered is mixed up. What peripheral can be used so that only one keyboard is active at a time. For example, when keyboard 1 starts typing, keyboard 2 must be disabled until keyboard 1 presses a specific button. [Can a hardware device solve this? Or can it be controlled by using some code in my software?]
I am completely new to building PCs and I have had friends recommending me to build one instead of buy one. I did a little research but I found it extremely difficult to understand each component. So I found a PC build that someone recommended me for a $600-$650 CAD budget. Here are the specs:  PCPartPicker part list   CPU: Intel Core i5-6400 2.7GHz Quad-Core Processor Motherboard: ASRock H110M-DGS Micro ATX LGA1151 Motherboard Memory: Crucial Ballistix Sport 8GB (1 x 8GB) DDR4-2400 Memory Storage: Western Digital Caviar Blue 1TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive  Video Card: Asus Radeon R7 260X 2GB DirectCU II Video Card Case: BitFenix Nova ATX Mid Tower Case  ($32.79 @ DirectCanada)  Power Supply: Corsair CXM 550W 80+ Bronze Certified Semi-Modular ATX Power Supply Optical Drive: Lite-On iHAS124-14 DVD/CD Writer    The total amount $609.56 CAD.  I was trying to search the proper Stack Overflow website for PC Build Advice and was told that HardwareRecs is my best bet. If not, then are there any other sites on Stack Exchange that offer PC Build advice?  Anyways, here are my questions regarding my build.   Will my build be capable of editing and rendering Sony Vegas videos fast? What about multi-tasking? Will I still be able to play a few Flash browser games and cheap downloadable client games effectively even with opening multiple clients/browsers? Are there any bottleneck or compatibility issues with this build?
I'm looking for parallel computing in tiniest form possible. For example, having two 18 cores Intel Xeon parked on both sides of motherboard with size of credit card would be ideal solution.  Couldn't found any motherboards (compatible with CPUs with 10+ cores) without USBs, Wifi, PCIe and other ports, that makes them only bigger.  More specifically I need best Cores per Square Meter ratio possible: CPU and motherboard models.   1.5-2GHz is ok. More = better, but not critical yes, it is to build high-dense CPU farm no, it is not for mining, it is for math, non-GPU calculations yes, amount of cores (multithreading) is critical yes, huge 4x"Intel Broadwell-EP CPU"s server motherboards are ok until they bring best cores/square ratio   Updated (12.07):  Considering answers below which I have at the moment:   No AMD at all, Xeon processors it is, E5 or E7 is to be evaluated by cost/density/power factor, will update with calculations later. I'm also in blade servers with extreme density WITH support of Xeon Phi - some of applications will run on it nicely with reuse of code and data, have spent a day looking for specifications and cost, will update as soon as will have nice configuration on hands regarding CUDA and Nvidia Tesla, that is a separate question and it is solved already, will share specifications with you later, thank you, SEJPM!   What is already decided that configuration will have BOTH Xeon E5/E7 and Xeon Phi on same boards (not on all of them though). Cray supercomputers already use it  Updated (12.07)[2]:  To be clear: I've a lot of small binaries (cross-platform, C++ and Java) each of them work for seconds with parallel computing full-support. When it comes to situation where there are significantly less cores than amount of threads/processes started, overall efficiency drops due to a lot of context switching between processes. And there is no way to queue jobs, let's say they are to be done in real-time manner.  Best way is to distribute them among Xeon Phi (store code and preseed with data) + run others as a tiny-services (solving issue with binary loading overhead) waiting for jobs.  That is why I search for comparatively cheap solution with high cores density to not to maintain big amount of units, solving more problems with data-logistic.
I don't want to pay for a monitored alarm system.  I would just like to install some wireless motion sensors that, either directly or via a separate controller that uses the local wifi:   Can be armed/disarmed from a smartphone Push alerts to registered smartphones when motion is detected while system is armed.
I have a Corsair AX760 Watt PSU which is still new in the box but is an older model. So it was never used. It was meant to be build in a high end gaming PC but that never happened. I see that this one is still available in some shops but I wonder how the price relates to the quality after three years.  Which new generation power supply will be a mentionable replacement? Like the old model it is for a high end gaming PC too but should meet the requirements/standards for a modern gaming PC (see below). If new models have some benefits over this older one, what are those benefits and is it worth it spending the extra money while I have this unused PSU?  Some background: I expect to build a new PC somewhere in October just for gaming, including Core i5 or i7, gaming motherboard, DDR4 memory, higher end graphics card and SSD (that's all it will contain). Everything I don't have to buy can be spend on the GPU hence my question. A complementary question: The old model was intended to power two graphics cards, I'm not sure if I'm going that route this time but if I do would that influence the answer? Take into account SLI and Crossfire as I've not made any decision yet what to buy.
My work machine is currently 3 years old and despite a few upgrades is really starting to show its age.  Our corporate IT people want to give us laptops with 8gb of RAM and I5 dual core processors with <500gb HDD.  I think that we really need more than this.  The product I work on has 5 windows services, a web front end using a combination of ASP.Net, Javascript and even some VBScript.  Then a c#, vb.net mid layer and then a SQL Server 2012 backend.  Now on our development machines, we need to be able to have SQL server 2012 enterprise, Visual Studio 2015 and a web browser as an absolute minimum.    I think we need a minimum of 16gb preferably 32gb and Quad core processors, with SSD's at least for OS and applications.  What laptops/specs would people suggest ?  Ben
I'm seeking recommendations for a self-powered (rechargeable) Bluetooth receiver with an integrated 3.5mm male TRS plug.  It's a stand-alone device which enables use of Bluetooth headphones/speakers with a device that supports a standard 3.5mm mini stereo jack.  Ideally it should:   use a micro USB connector for charging offer some indication of battery level (visual or audible) decent range   If you have experience with multiple devices your comparison is much appreciated.  The device shown below is the Plantronics 35BAA which was sold with the Plantronics Pulsar 590A, but is no longer manufactured.  It relied on a proprietary charging connector (not micro USB), but was otherwise a very satisfactory device.  Bonus points: Did Plantronics release a successor to this?
I am planning to build a computer and my first problem was the processor. I saw many options on the market and am interested in choosing between these two. I'm thinking on choosing the i3 because it's part of the generation of 'i series', but someone told me to look for it's clock speed which is 'GHz'.  Now I am uncertain of which to purchase.
I currently have a computer running Windows 10. It has a ASUS® MAXIMUS VIII RANGER: RoG, PCI-e 3.0, SATA 3.0, LG1151 motherboard, integrated graphics.  I currently do not have an external monitor or keyboard for my computer, so I would like to use my laptop as a monitor for my computer. How would I do this and what cables or software would I need? Thanks in advance.
I work with a software development team inside local government. Our team have developed an app for Apple IPhone 6 SE with Cordova that requires carers to "check-in" to client visits. Clients typically are vulnerable people, like the aged and severely disabled.  We would like the check-in to be possible only when the carer is at a client's home. We absolutely need to ensure this, to prevent potential fraud.     One idea that has been touted is a fob kept in the client's home alongside their care docs. The fob will contain a code identifying the client. Only when the fob is plugged into the IPhone will the app allow checkin.  Would any of you know if such a device exists? Or a similar type of solution?  IBeacons have been mentioned but are too expensive per unit.
I am interested to internally integrate a CD-RW IDE unit (Plextor Plexwriter Premium 2) using the existing mainboard interface USB 3, Sata 3, PCIe mostly in burning CD's with AMQR not in ripping. As far as I've read, using an IDE converter can be a tricky job and there are some variables including chip manufacturer, etc. Is there anyone that have been used one of the above solutions without experiencing transfer problems / buffer underrun/ loss of quality? Thanks
I have about 30 small (70mm x 50mm) "tags" that are used for tracking objects in a real-time location system (RTLS).  The tags can be recharged using Qi wireless charging.  Is there a charging pad available that can charge many (say 10 or more) of these tags at the same time?
Explanation  I want to start vlogging, but I don't want to hold a camera all day.  I have the following preferences for the camera:   Hands Free  Easy to record with HD  Can easily record where I am looking HD 720p @ 30 fps lowest preferred Under $300 Chest mounted unless there's a head camera which is unnoticeable Would prefer if the camera is unnoticeable (I'm shy of the idea of recording in public) Weight: I'm not sure to be honest but anything under 5lbs sounds good. Would appreciate if it can last over 4 hours of recording.   What camera options do I have?
I used to have a wonderful Microsoft Intellimouse 3.0 - it had excellent button layout, size, and AFAIK a great sensor on it. Unfortunately I think the right click button has worn out, so I'll need to replace it (if you think it can be repaired let me know that along with your replacement suggestion).  What I want in a mouse:   laser/optical two thumb buttons (forward/backward ideally) medium size smooth scrolling a plus sensor polling and sensitivity relatively high USB wired DPI switch button a plus no glued on "grips" if lit, white, green, or configurable lights are preferred scanner mouse would be neat - can it still be a good gaming mouse? easy to clean underside ideally less than $40
I'm looking for recommendations for a "Fiber Inspection Scope" to use on SC, LC and MTP connections.  My environment:   Small Datacenter.  will have to inspect and trouble shoot about 10 fiber optic links per week. connection types: SC, LC and MTP. cable types: multi mode and single mode. Generalist Skill level Budget $100 - $500 USD
I am in the market for an android tablet, I am mostly rounded down to an 8" model (though not 100% on this) . Looking at the Asus Zenpad s 8.0 or the Galaxy S2 8.0  My primary uses will be watching movies on the plane (I travel a lot) and using the Hema Explorer GPS tracking and navigation app for offroad driving. ANd some games, but not a key purpose.  My movies/tv will be a mix of Google Play store rentals, Netflix, stan and the Virgin Entertainment system.  My current phone is a Xperia Z3 compact, I like having a compact phone so don't want to upgrade. I have run the Hema app on my phone, it lagged a bit when recording tracks. So performance of the tablet is pretty important to me. My main concerns with above tablets is the aspect ratio and watching movies.  So ;  What would you recommend that is on the current market (US or AU)?  In real world how much screen do i actually lose with the 4:3 aspect ratio watching movies I really don't want to spend over $500, buying from the US should make this possible.  I have considered iPad as well, but i am in the Android ecosystem so unless there is some great reason why it would suit me better i just don't see the point.
Introduction  I would like to purchase a graphics card (GPU) with a performance ~2x better than my current GPU, a Radeon HD 7850.  Preferences   Price < $120 (If it costs more and I can get it used for this price that's fine) Performance at least 2x better than the HD 7850 Compatible with windows nVidia preferable, but anything more than a miniscule performance downgrade and I'll take AMD I can wait a few months if something is coming out I'd prefer not to do SLI/CrossFireX, but if the peformance benefit is substantial, I'll consider doing it with two cheap cards. TDP <= 300W   Additional Information   I play games such as Team Fortress 2, Trackmania 2, Trackmania United, Minecraft, SimCity 4, Hearthstone, Heroes of the Storm, and World of Warcraft. I also do Blender rendering, however this supports OpenCL and CUDA now so AMD is not a concern I have done my research and know about cards such as the GTX 960, GTX 770, R9 280X, R9 280, HD 7970, etc. I just want to know if there's something I've missed.   I would prefer if you provided benchmarks, links and maybe the occasional picture to back up your answer.
I have a little home-server that is now around 8 years old (I calculated the age wrong at first ...). It always did a great job and never let me down. But now it is time to eather upgrade the hardware, or buy a complete new one because over the time my claims and usage ot the server changed. At the beginning it was a little data and webserver for developing purposes. Now I want to use it for developing, compiling and as a game server. So more power would be great^^ The problem is that my strength lies neither in the English language, nor in hardware understanding. So I really hope you guys can help me with the decicion: A complete new server, or upgrading this one? I guess a new one is the better option because of the hardware age. But then I have no idea, what hardware to buy for a good and solid server. It does not need a DC/DVD-Drive and one SSHD or HDD is enouph (I have an NAS in the network, so for data storage there is enouph space).    Currently it has this components:    Motherboard Name: Asus AT5NM10-I ATOM D510 be quiet Pure Power Motherboard Chipset: ? CPU: Mobile Intel Celeron M-A, 1682 MHz (2.5 x 673) RAM: 2GB (2x1GB no idea what DDR type ... maybe 2?) Graphics card:  Intel(R) Graphics Media Accelerator 3150 (128 MB) Power supply: ? case: ?   I am really sorry, that the report is so bad. But I used two hardware report programs that could not detect all of the hardware components. It seems, that most of them are really old ...    Can someone maybe help me by finding new parts for a new server? what are good components?    My imagination:     dual 2.5GHz or better a quad with at least 2GHz, 8GB RAM, 1TB SSHD, a small case, a quiet power supply, no CD-/DVD-Drive, USB 3.0, one LAN (i think two would be overkill).   The server should last five to ten years   I am willing to pay the price such a server will cost^^ (maybe arount 1k max, is this realistic?)   no downtimes would be great, but unnecessary. The old one had once a hard disc crash, so it was offline, and otherwise when I reebooted it. So there is no need to have a 100% save server. 24/7 with 99% uptime would be nice :)   A raid to avoid data loss is necessary in the future (raid 1 would be enough)   for the case: Currently the old server has a tower similar to this with the dimentions 19x21x29[cm] and is standing in an open cabinet. I am open to a new shape or form for the new server. But in the end he takes the place of the old one. So I guess a rack-mounted one would be pointless.     greetings and thank you in advance, Chriss    PS.: Sorry for my bad english.
So my four year Samsung computer couldn't run games really well such as those MMORPG games running with 10-20 fps, and well optimized game with around 50 fps. I really started to wanting to buy a better computer specifically for gaming when I didn't even have the minimum requirement of specs to play, Overwatch.  I'd like a laptop that can run different generes of games for about 60 fps and under hopefully. My budget range for this laptop is around $500.  So heres a tl;dr specifications of my gaming laptop   Able to run most recent, and old games. At 60 fps, or less. Laptop, I don't really want desktop because it not portable. Preferably last for about 3-4 years until I need a new one to meet the standard requirement for 3-4 years later.   Lastly please link to me what you find within my price range, and specifications, thank you.
I'm looking for a laptop to do application development with (Java, C, Virtual Machines ect), but I'd rather not be throwing money at a big graphics card too. I have narrowed down some of my specs to the following but I haven't come to any decisions, and was hoping you could lend some help.  I'm looking for:   i7 Processor 16GB RAM Good bus architecture 256GB SSD 512GB> HDD Decent battery life Very solid build External display support Not a tiny laptop Windows   I don't care about:   High-end graphics card Weight   For software I'm looking at IDEs like Eclipse and Visual Studio doing large regular compiles and linking. By good bus architecture I mean I want to avoid hampering the RAM and processor with additional buffers or small buses like I've noticed some cheaper laptops do. I hadn't thought of using an external HDD. A fast one would probably be fine. As for good battery life 3-4 hours at high performance is really what I'm after, but I could survive happily at a little less.  Budget isn't a huge problem, but hoping £800-£1000
I am trying to create a NAS but I want to run my own software on it. I want to be able to download data around 20MB/s over WiFi from the system.  I used a raspi and created a prototype, but as it uses a single bus it is not able to transfer data from the HDD to the user at the rates I am talking about. Anybody know any build that suits this? Looking for suggestions.   Budget &ndash; around USD 300 - 400 Size requirements &ndash; as small as possible Operating conditions &ndash; Will be deployed in my van: take impacts into consideration, I am planning to devise a case that can solve this issue.  Needs heat dissipation solution as my van is not air conditioned.  Desired software you want to run on it &ndash; web server running on Node.JS Storage media &ndash; 2TB HDD (as of now I use a 1TB external) Power solution &ndash; need a powerbackup that can last for one hour I need good network adapters and USB ports that won't hinder my data streaming.  Dust proof as I am installing this in India where dust and temperature are a common phenomena I don't need a screen.   I want the case to be smaller in size, I am willing to fabricate one myself if its needed to address my needs.
I am looking for a graphics card that can run Starcraft II at 1080p and 60 fps. I know that it isn't a super graphics heavy game and am ideally looking for something under $100. I would like something that has linux support as well but most major graphics card manufacturers have that.   I haven't decided what CPU I am going to buy yet but I am planing to buy a pretty powerful one so it shouldn't be a problem.
I'm going to buy this motherboard: Supermicro X10SLH-F. The motherboard manual says (at page 20) "Also your power supply must supply 1.5A for the Ethernet ports". Is a normal ATX power supply enough?.  What ATX/MicroATX PSU would you recommend?  I can't buy from Newegg (it doesn't ship to Italy) and i prefer something available on Amazon (.it or .co.uk, not .com).  The entire setup will require about 140 Watt and it should be as silent as possible.    EDIT: I mailed to SuperMicro and they said they only support their chassis and power supplies. But their power supplies "seems" normal power supplies (same cables and same voltages).
Currently my employer is looking at setting up a video tower display for a trade-show. We are planning on having 4 displays stacked but separated running the same video and only showing 25% of the video in each display starting from the top and working down. The video will be a 30-45 second loop.  My question is: What are the hardware requirements for the PC (video card, processor, hard-drive, memory...etc) that will be running the content to the 4 displays? I am trying to keep this purchase under $2,000. I would prefer to buy something that is already configured to do what I need. Any insight is greatly appreciated.  I prefer a pre-built system. The video will be 1920 x 1080. The displays are 46" 1080p. The video will be produced in After Effects and will most likely be an mp4 file. Most likely running it with VLC. Hope this answers your questions.   Thank you for your help.
I'm currently searching for a smaller and simpler Highdpi TV-Solution for my console and microconsole devices. The general idea is that I want a monitor with the display quality (and maybe mobility?) of a modern tablet to connect current-gen and last-gen consoles to it (PS3, PS4, Shield Console etc.).  The requirements would be as follows:   Resolution of min. 720p, better yet 1080p Monitor should be between 9" and 12", the absolute maximum would be 13" Panel refresh at min. 50hz, supported by the connection IPS or similar quality panel Direct HDMI-Input, no streaming, no 30hz-converters, none of my video sources have USB-C or Thunderbolt, nor will they likely gain that in the future Has a case or case purchasable/creatable for the panel, no naked panel Should not be exclusive to one console like the panels that mount on top of the PS4 Price point is around 300€ in my mind, although I will take a look at more expensive solutions if they have advantages Good quality, please no Alibaba-links   I already looked around but mostly found industry strength displays for embedded factories or USB-Solutions with their own graphic cards included. I would totally be open to just buying a good tablet with HDMI-In as a display mode, although I have never heard of one having that.  Thank you for all your help!
I currently have a PC with the following hardware:   CPU - Intel 6600K. Motherboard: Asus Maximums VIII Ranger. Case: Noctis 450. Also, monitor: Dell U2414H, 1080p.   I am currently using integrated graphics but later plan on buying a descrete graphics card. I watch HD movies,  which currently is not smooth at all, mainly program in Android Studio and do some video editing in Sony Vegas Pro.  Can any recommend a graphics card no more than £200? Thanks  in advance.
I'm looking to replace a backup drive that died. I was considering a Seagate Barracuda drive (ST2000DM001) which is listed as 7200 RPM. Amazon reports a newer version of the drive (ST2000DM006), which is about the same price, but it doesn't list the RPM.  I looked up the spec sheet on the drive, and it doesn't have this information either:  http://www.seagate.com/www-content/product-content/barracuda-fam/barracuda-new/files/barracuda-ds-1900-1-1606us.pdf  Is this newer version of the drive recommended? Does anybody know what the differences are here? Why aren't they reporting the RPM?  So, I'm asking whether I should purchase the newer version of the drive or the older one. Does anyone know if there will be a performance difference?  Clarification: I'm looking for a faster and more reliable drive since I will be often be transferring large amounts of data when backing up, and I need my backup drive to be reliable. Other drive recommendations are also welcome.
I have a HTPC inside a small chassis: Silverstone ML3 (http://www.silverstonetek.com/product.php?pid=283&area=en).  It has a Core i3 2125 on a ASrock motherboard, 4GB DDR3, 2 RAID1 WD caviar Green.   I cannot remember any further details but it's not important because the only problem is that the Core i3's HD3000 IGP resolution up only to 1080p (even the motherboard HDMI output cannot go further).  I have a new UHD TV and thus, I'm looking for a PCI-E graphic card:   That can fit inside the slim chassis (that is 105mm high, but a bit less because of the motherboard). Preferably passive (or at least that remains as silent as possible) That support UHD output (3840x2160) Stays as cheap as possible: the only use will be playing UHD movies, no games. Still, is easy in hardware x265 decoding.   EDIT  Following the first answer, I'd like to precise that a gaming GPU is kind of overkill for the final use (expensive, fan, a lot of power for "nothing" etc.). I did my own researches and found that nvidia's GPU (don't know for AMD) have HDMI 2.0 (required for UHD) starting from GTX950 wich excludes anything cheaper. The GT710 (even GT730) solution only has a 1.4a HDMI output and it seems that in order to lead to a UHD resolution through 1.4a, nvidia is processing some kind of colour compression which is ... urghhh, not what I'm looking for.  Finally it seems that I'll have to wait a bit before finding my dream GPU, maybe with the new Pascal architecture ? Since nvidia hasn't released the low-end new GPUs...
Can use twitch Can record screen and gameplay using windows-G option. http://10windows.pro/what-are-the-pc-system-requirements-for-recording-game-clips-in-the-xbox-app/ Can play overwatch at full screen with maxed graphic Cheap. Under $100. Or around. Well, actually even $500 is not an issue but it's better VERY justified.   What should I buy?  I am currently using NVIDIA GeForce GT 530 [Display adapter]
I'm currently running on a core i5-4460 CPU @ 3.20GHz on a 1150 LGA socket (Haswell). I need to upgrade to an i7 but I'm unsure on what one to go for, it needs to be faster for compiling code (using the machine for software development) -  I'm aware a lot is handled by the SSD, thus I'll be installing 2 in raid 0, but the user has specifically requested an i7. Budget of between £200 and £350. Also, suggestions of trusted supplier would be appreciated (I'm in the UK).
I have searched for a single button (sort of like an arcade button) that connects via RS232 and I have not found one.  Anyone know of such a device?  I'm sure I could build one but I am looking for a commercially available device.    I found a USB button but the application I am using asks for a COM Port number.  Will the USB button work?
A week ago I built my new pc. The case came with 2 in-built 3-pin case fans, and my motherboard only has one 3-pin SYS-FAN connection. One case fan is in top-rear of the case, and the other fan at the bottom-front.  Currently I'm using only the rear-top fan and I do not have problems with heat or airflow. However, I'd like to connect an additional fan, just because I have it.  There are two possibilities for the fan on the front:   I can connect it directly to the PSU with a cable like this. The con is that the fan will always rotate at full speed. I do not know if fans are used to rotate at full speed. I can connect it with a Y-cable like this or this. Will a splitter like that work well? Looking at the second link, it seems that the speed-controlling cable is missing. Is this also the case in the first one?   I do not want to use a fan controller.  What do you recommend?
Trackpoint keyboard already exist: https://images.jet.com/md5/22d6695565fc48b6cb9f00191d3fd8f4.500  I'm not sure I'm using the right word, but by trackpoint, I mean the little red ball in the keyboard picture that can be used as a mouse.   But it has some problems:   On one end of the wired USB connection to the keyboard, there is a micro USB. I use the keyboard on my lap and slight movements can result in the micro USB still physically in the socket, but still resulting in connection problems or very weird problems like the cursor moving by itself across the screen. This forces me to connect and reconnect the keyboard a few times until it gets back to normal. If the micro USB was just a full sized USB, that it might have been able to fit in more tightly and prevent this.  It's not wireless USB, which is my favorite connection by far. I use the keyboard leisurely on the couch sitting in front of a large monitor or TV.    I really love the trackpoint keyboard and am not considering touchpad keyboards at the moment.   However, what are some hardware recommendations that avoid these problems? Keyboards with trackpoint that feel alright on your lap. Perhaps are there hardware recommendations with a trackpoint keyboard with full sized USB on both ends?   EDIT: Preferably not bluetooth. I have had problems with the bluetooth version of this keyboard. I don't have problems with my bluetooth headphones.
I want to buy a computer (new/unused, ideally off-the-shelf) that    contains absolutely no proprietary software by default, and can be used without installing proprietary software (it’s fine if non-essential things are not supported).   Device  It doesn’t matter what kind of device it is (desktop, laptop, tablet, smartphone, single-board computer, …), as long as the user can plug in a monitor, a keyboard, and a mouse.  It should allow to connect to the Internet somehow. It does not have to be built-in, as long as there is a supported external device available that also only comes and runs with Free/Libre software only.  Sound output would be nice, too, but this could also be an external device (again, if a suitable Free/Libre one is available and supported).  Operating system  I would welcome if it can run a (well known) GNU/Linux or BSD operating system, but I don’t want to require it.   Anyway, it should be a "real" OS, i.e., a system that allows users to update it and to install software; not a single-purpose system (like an e-book reader).  Use case  Browsing the Web, managing files, writing documents, listening to music, using the terminal.  No HD videos, no video/graphic editing, no games, no compilation … nothing that requires much power.    What I found so far   The Free Software Foundation certified three laptops (Libreboot T400, Libreboot X200, Taurinus X200).    Problem: Not new/unused. They use refurbished laptops (i.e., they bought used laptops that came with proprietary software, replaced parts, flashed the firmware, etc.). Earth-friendly EOMA68 Computing Devices offers single-board computers (and optionally corresponding desktop/laptop housings, whose design gets also published under a libre license). Its Libre Tea Computer Card will likely get FSF’s RYF certification.  Problem: It’s in crowdfunding currently. Could become a good solution, but only if they will be available for sale after the crowdunding period.   Just to be clear, I do not require FSF’s Respects Your Freedom certification. The difference between their and my requirements is that I’m fine with OS that make the installation of proprietary software easy, as long as the user has the choice.
A lot of people find listening to white noise or documentaries useful for going to sleep.   I usually use my phone to do this, but the problem is that it's tempting to browse the internet on my phone.   Are there any devices that allow for different forms of white noise, or ideally can be loaded with podcasts?   Also good would be if it can double as an alarm clock,  especially an alarm clock that has a light that turns on.
I recently bought a new android phone to get a bigger screen, thinking about using it for VR too. However, I found out it doesn't have a compass (I didn't even think it was mandatory). Even though I could probably live without VR, it bothers me when it comes to GPS maps, as they can't tell me where I'm looking at, and, most of all, Google Sky Map, which is pretty useful when I'm whith my telescope. Since I've seen lots of external cameras for android, even 3D and 180 degrees, and my phone does have OTG (I think it'd be needed), does an external usb compass for android exist?
I was wondering if it is possible to use crossfire with the MSi R7 370 4gb and the MSi R7 370 2gb. Thanks in advance.
This question is here after I ask this one: UHD compatible Graphic Card  The thing is that I have a HTPC and would like to be able to read UHD movies (since the i3's IGP cannot). As you can see in the previous question, finding a passive GPU with UHD display is impossible for now.  However, during my researches, I found a motherboard that embed a CPU (Pentium J3710) http://www.asrock.com/mb/Intel/J3710-ITX/index.us.asp. Following the description, it should be able to do UHD.  This motherboard is a good start but appart from the Asrock's description, if I go onto the Intel website, I cannot find any information about this CPU and its IGP (espectially the maximum resolution). However, it doesn't support RAID (which is mandatory for me). I didn't find another product like this. Maybe you could ?  Here are my requirements for a motherboard that embed a CPU:   Preferably passive and low counsumption UHD resolution output with hardware h265 decoding At least 3 SATA connectors (2 for RAID, one for BlueRay). 3 or 6GB/s, I don't mind My current chassis is Micro-ATX so no ATX, but Micro-ATX or Mini-ITX are ok   EDIT Obviously, 4k60 is preferred, but any suggestion, even 4k30 is welcome.
I'm looking into getting a new gaming pc, but I'm not much of a hardware enthusiast. I know what kind of general specs I want to have, but when it comes to details, especially the mainboard, I'm lost with all the kinda same-y, similar price-range motherboards out there. Here are my current planned specs:  -GTX 1070 (not sure which model yet, but I think that shouldn't matter for this)  -Intel i5 6600K  -2x8GB RAM (Model would depend on mainboard, no?)  -3 Harddrives (2 SSD's, 1HDD) and a Blu Ray Drive  -ATX Chassis  further considerations: -I'm not likely going to get into overclocking, but I might upgrade to SLI at a distant point in the future (if that becomes more viable for gaming in the next years).  -I'm not going to try and desperately squeeze the most bang-for-buck out of this computer, but if you recommend something overly expensive I would need good reasoning to consider it.  -The PC is mostly going to be used for gaming, no fancy hobbies that need special considerations.  Question: What motherboard would you recommend for my set up? Why specifically this one? Are there other considerations I haven't thought of yet?  Bonus: What kind of RAM would you get for the motherboard you suggested?
We're developing devices that shall support 802.1X authentication. For testing purposes, we need to connect a few of them to a switch / router.   We need   "usual" WLAN (802.11b/g/n) 7 100 MBit Ethernet ports + 1 Uplink port Management of at least 12 devices possible support for username + passwort authentication support for certificate authentication cost max. 1500 €   So far, I found a Lancom WLC-4006+, but it has 4+1 Ethernet ports only.
Essentially, I'm looking to purchase a Yubi Key as I would like to limit the number of times I have to enter my password at home and at work. I also want to set up some applications which two factor authentication and sometimes do not carry my phone or other devices, but I always have my keys.  I have been looking at the differences and I cannot see/understand what differences there is, especially for the price.  For example, the YUBIKEY 4 comes it at roughly $40. Whereas the FIDO U2F Key comes it at $18.  So for what I want to do:   Limit re-typing password Two Step factor Maybe Near Field Communication   I believe that the NFC would be good if I had my phone, for example I could just press the key against it. But I have the mail app so I don't see this being a major issue.  Could I therefore buy the $18 U2F key to meet my needs?
I'm looking for recommendations on NAS for home / small office. Main purpose - storage of digital data (documents, photos, movies). Must to have RAID 1 capabilities. Can be enclosure only. Direct connection (access from a smartphone without connection via computer) will be a big plus. Min capacity 1TB (or diskless system) and 2 bays. Budget in a range between $150-$250
We have two computers to be connected to a KVM switch and from there to a touch screen. We want users to be able to switch between computers only by using touch screen.  So. Is there a KVM switch, where we could trigger a switch to another computer from an application?  There are switches, where you have to use hardware buttons in order to switch. These are not acceptable for us. Then there are switches where some keyboard combinations (e.g. Ctrl-F1, Ctrl-F2) allow to switch between computers.  We need the third kind of KVM switch, where the switching could be done from the application. The switches that do switching with the keyboard cannot be used for that purpose. The switch intercepts the keyboard combination to make a switch before that combination reaches the computer. If we would simulate keyboard events within the application, that would never get to the switch.  I expect it would be very difficult to find such piece of hardware. Just imagine you have two computers connected to such a switch both demanding an active connection because of malfunctioning application.  I am trying to find something like this with no luck. The problem is we have user requirements asking exactly for such a switch.  Do you have any idea if something like that is available anywhere?  Thanks
Do you know of any big brand graphics card that is PCI and win 10 compatible, so with DirectX 9 or later and WDDM 1.0 driver?  It's for an old computer with an AGP 3.3v slot, and a PCI slot. I'm looking for a PCI card rather than an AGP 3.3v one, as I guess PCI is a bit less difficult to find. though any comment with an AGP one is fine.. maybe i'll make AGP 3.3v a separate question.
Hoping to get some opinions/recommendations based on my current hardware setup. I've done some research, but I would like to get some feedback on my specific hardware components, and whether anything else should be upgraded.  As said in the title, I would like to know what a good GPU upgrade is based on my current hardware.  My current GPU is a Sapphire Radeon HD 7770 GHz Edition  As far as price goes, I wouldn't want to go over $500. That being said, I'd also like to take advantage of my current set up as much as I can. I'm also not a stickler for graphics (I don't need the best of the best), just want the latest games (i.e. Gears of War 4 or Doom) to run smoothly and look decent.  Here's the other pertinent hardware info (currently running Windows 7):  Motherboard: ASUS M5A99FX  CPU: AMD FX-6300  Memory: G. Skill 16GB (2x8GB)  Power Supply: APEX ATX12V 500W  Thanks in advance for constructive replies!
I was searching for safe headphones to limit the db level I'm exposed to all day, but every product I'm finding is designed and made for kids. I have not found a single adult headphone that doesn't pass the 85dB limit.   And the design on some of these kids headphone I can tell they would hurt my ears physically if they were the right size for my head.   I think ideally I would have to have a device that intercepts the signal and reduces it to safe levels. Is there such a device where I can plug it into my computer's audio jack, and then plug the head phones to that. A nice feature would be to have a lcd readout of the decibel levels.
This Wikipedia page mentions about Intel SDKs; single board computers that contained Intel microprocessors.  I would like to own one of those SDKs but I doubt that they are still in production. So, I am looking for something similar to Intel SDKs. The kit must:   Feature a microprocessor. Not a microcontroller. Preferably contains an x86 microprocessor. But this is not a must. The less integrated functionality, the better. (I.e, it is better to have discrete components for various functionality than to have a single component that does everything)
I'm running into issues with my current laptop (an old Macbook Pro Retina) while trying to screen record graphic design tutorials so its time for an upgrade.  I don't do much video work beyond the screen recording but might want to and even Photoshop and Illustrator now has some features that utilizes the GPU so a discreet graphics card is preferred. I have a Wacom Intuos Pro that I always use when I'm at home and sometimes travel with. I'm in the market and was going to buy a new monitor for myself but its on the back burner for the moment. Probably later this year or by April of next year (Tax Return) I'll be getting a new monitor for myself to use when at home with a Wide Gamut Color Accurate Display.  My main concerns are color accuracy, brightness, contrast, and enough specs to screen record tutorials on. Since I don't currently own a tablet I decided a 2 in 1 would be really nice to have.  I'll be using it for Digital Painting, Retouching, Sketching, Tethered Photography. At home I can still plug it into my Intuos Pro if need be and once I get the monitor I'd plug it into that as well when at home.  My research:  Lenovo Yoga P40  Pros: nVidia graphics card, good price, Wacom AES with 2048 pressure levels.  Cons: I've not been able to get an answer from Lenovo regarding colors. What little I could find has said it only covers about 65% of the sRGB spectrum though I've seen other reports claiming 75% and still some saying 95%. I don't know what's accurate. Also the Graphics Card included is not one listed on the Adobe website.  Lenovo X1 Yoga  Pros: Good price, Wacom AES with 2048 pressure levels, OLED  Cons: Integrated graphics and again not sure about how much of the spectrum it covers  Microsoft Surface Book  Pros: PixelSense Display, nVidia Graphics Card  Cons: for i7 much more expensive than Lenovo, n-Trig instead of Wacom with only 1024 pressure levels, not a lot of information on what that nVidia graphics card actually is    What 2 in 1 might you recommend? One of the above? Something I missed? Also if anyone knows any model at all that has Wacom AES that stores display I'd love to hear - the X1 and P40 are too high end for retailers so I have no way to feel them first.  Update: I wasn't clear in my original post. I travel, a lot. I'm gone for weeks at a time and want a mobile solution so I can be gone even more of the year. This has me in places with little to no internet frequently.   It seems people also are trying to just give me the cheapest option. Money isn't my biggest concern. Convenience however is a big one so please don't say, well if money is no option buy a desktop, a Cintiq, and a laptop. I'm looking for a single device that can fit the vast majority of my needs.    My primary concerns with the aforementioned is I don't know their displays or graphics cards at all. The M500M for example in the Lenovo P40 Yoga seems to be a lower level nVidia card and its not on the Adobe website so I don't know if it will meet my expectations or if I'm wasting money. Likewise the nVidia in the Surface Book is a custom nVidia that I can't find any information out about.
I'm looking for a decent laptop on which I can also play...I'm not really interested in super high graphics...but I would like to be able to play the latest games at 720p resolution with medium/high-ish settings. My budget is of 700 €.  So, I found this Medion Erazer P6661 which has pretty good specs, and is just at my budget limit, but I have been reading online about people having issues on Medion laptops and about them being build with cheap materials, and I myself have had a bad time on a Medion laptop, even though it was a really cheap one.  So, here's my question: ...is this laptop worth my money? And if not, what other laptops should I consider for that price?  The most important features to me are:  - Skylake processor (i5 or i7)  - At least 8 GB of RAM  - 1 TB HDD  - nVidia card (940m or better)  - 17.3" screen would be preferred over 15.6", but I can't seem to find          many
I am using Keras with Theano backend. Until now I have used AWS EC2 GPU instances for train my keras network. As my experiments become larger, my network trains became longer and my bills became bigger. I calculated that good workstation would be a better investment than renting AWS EC2 GPU instances on the cloud. I am copying components of NVIDIA DIGITS DevBox, except there are new GPUs on the market, so I have couple of question about them.  Is it better, for deep learning, to buy four GTX 1080 or dual Titan X Pascal (specs)? Four GTX 1080s give me 10240 CUDA cores with boost speed @1733 Mhz, 32GB of GDDR5X VRAM and 36 TFLOPs of FP32 Compute. For the same price dual TITAN X Pascal will give me 7168 CUDA cores boost clock @ 1530 Mhz, 24 VRAM GDDR5X, and 22 TFLOPs of FP32 Compute.  My plan of using multiple GPUs is train same model with different parameters on different GPUs, to see which combination of parameters is most effective. I need the GPU solution that is most efficient for this type of usage.
Modern retail processors are all multi-cored, so my question suppose a multi-core CPU.  Since many tasks are hard or even impossible to be executed in parallelism, I wonder in daily use like watching movie, word processing and browsing (except some extreme complex websites), the performance of single thread is more important? (it shouldn't be a problem for multi tasks as there are at least two cores)  If so, I guess it's smart to buy Intel Core i3-6320 than i5-6500 for daily use, as the single thread score of i3-6320 is higher than i5-6500 according to PASSMARK. However, you may not tell the difference when in real situation as both CPUs are so fast for daily tasks.
I am looking for a basic phone, to make calls and sens/receive SMS.  Nothing more - all else is battery drain, and I am looking for the longest battery life that I can find.  To that end, I am looking for a monochrome screen, if such a thing is still manufactured.   Years back, I remember that Sharp made a line of long battery life phones. Now they don't make phones (if they are even still in business).  I have fond memories of a small, grey, rubberized Nokia - was it an N45? - with a screen barely an inch in diagonal (just three lines of display), and I'd be glad of something similar.  I don't need Daul SIM, Wifi, BlueTooth, GPS, color screen, radio, not even music player; just calls & texts (and those will be few, and far between).  Can anyone recommend soemthing that can be bought online?  This question looked good, but it is looking for Dual SIM, which I do not require.    [Update] Nokia are relaunching the 3310. 100 hours standby for Eur 59
We're looking for a notebook for my wife.   She will use it for browsing, editing documents (text and spreadsheet) and watching videos. Nothing hard.   Based on our requirements HP G4 with 128 GB SSD seems to be a good choice.   My only question is now CPU as we can by the same notebook with different CPUs:   HP 250 G4 with Intel Celeron N3050 for €300 HP 250 G4 with Intel Pentium N3700 for €360 HP 250 G4 with Intel Core i3 5005U for €390   (All prices without OS, I'll buy windows 10 separately).  I'm open to pay more if that makes a difference, but not in case if all perform the same for the given use. Which CPU should I use?
I have an old Dell Studio XPS 8100 that has been updated rather haphazardly. Now I would like more expansion slots and a faster CPU.   I don't know what motherboard + CPU combination would be a good fit for my existing components. Since I will be buying both together, I would like to get something future-proof and a good performance match. I also have existing parts that I would like to keep, so compatability is important.   Intended usage:   Software development (fast compile times are a priority) Photoshop 3D modelling software 4K monitor Hackintosh for app development Light gaming   The parts I would like to keep are:    Case Corsair 750D  GPU ASUS Nvidia 970GTX PSU Corsair RM450 Primary Storage Samsung Evo 850 SSD Secondary Storage Toshiba DT01ACA SATA HDD RAM 3x2GB generic Dell ram (will be upgraded later)   Parts I would like to accomodate:    Dedicated sound card USB3 ports on my case (currently not connected) Extra USB3 slots PCIe card Faster CPU   Note that my case is large enough for an extended ATX motherboard, but I don't know if this is worth the cost vs ATX.
I would like to use the raspberry pi zero for a internet of things project but it does not have wifi access by default. I would like to use a usb wifi adapter to connect the pi to the Internet. Here are my must haves:   be compatible with raspbian be under $10   Here are some features that I would like to have but are not required   have compatibility with 5ghz wifi have a microusb connector   I have looked at using a usb wifi adapter with a miniusb to use adapter but that would easily go over $10 and I was wondering if there is anything better.
I looked around on the Internet for an answer and wasn't able to find one, so I thought I'd ask it here. (3 part question)  Let's say I have one graphics card that can run 3 screens that's also crossfire capable. If I were to use 2 way crossfire (two of the same GPU) does that mean I can now use 6 screens (three on each card)? If I can only use 3 screens, would I plug the screens into the graphics card closer to the CPU or further from the CPU. One last part to the question, do  I need a crossfire bridge for the graphics cards? Somewhere  I read that sometimes you don't need bridges for multiple grpahics cards (like it's integrated in the mobo or something). Thanks in advance! :D  My hardware:  MSi R7 370 4G  MSi z170a SLI plus (supports up to 3 way crossfire)
I want to build a PC as small as possible, so I'm considering a mini-ITX build which support dedicated graphic card. In fact I don't need a graphic card right now, but just in case I will need one in the future, so mini-ITX seems to be a good choice.  I want a small and solid chassis at reasonable price, any recommends?
I'm looking to upgrade my system from the laptop I'm currently working on to a high-powered PC. I'll be using it for   a lot of programming, though not that much compiling some gaming (I imagine the amount of gaming I do will increase when I have a PC that can actually handle games) occasional video & audio editing small amounts of graphics work   To that end, I'm looking for a pre-built system (much as I'd like to build my own, I'm far too likely to mess up) with minimum specifications of:   CPU: 3.0 GHz or more - don't mind who makes it GPU: 4 GB VRAM or more Disk: 1 TB or more; don't mind whether it's an SSD or HDD RAM: 8 GB or more DDR3 or later WiFi card built in   I'd prefer this to cost me £500 or less (~$650 at time of writing), but I can stretch that to £600 ($780) if necessary.
I would like some speakers primarily for use in my bedroom.   I would like to be able to play sound through both my laptop and my phone.   Loudness is not of particular importance, but I would like decent sound  quality (For reference I own a pair of Rokit RP6 G2 monitor speakers, which I love the quality of), including presence of bass.   Portability is a plus - I don't want the speakers to take up too much room, and being able to play from battery would be a plus, but not essential.   I'm otherwise not wanting to break the bank - I'm looking for good audio quality, without spending too much money.
I am looking for a laptop which can withstand   Hadoop multi node installation Sqoop queries. Db's like Oracle or MySQL    Eclipse IDE for JAVA. Documentation work(MSWord,MSExcel,MSPowerpoint). VMWare   All these things will be running mostly at same time. I have 2 options:-   i5 with 8GB RAM. i7 with 8GB RAM.   Which has sufficient power and memory for these tasks?  Budget: 45k INR (~670 USD)
I have my Laptop Toshiba Satellite C640,  I got 2GB RAM and was searching for an upgrade of 4GB on Amazon. When I checked on Amazon there were many and enquired about few with Amazon. A seller shared me two other RAM which probably he/she is selling. I see a whole lot of difference in the costing  Can anyone help me what makes these two RAMs different and which is best RAM for me to buy? and how to chose the compatible one for laptops.  Though I couldn't check with Crucial software.  http://www.amazon.in/Samsung-PC3-10600-1333MHz-SO-DIMM-M471B5273DH0/dp/B00I2ZAEOW/ref=aag_m_pw_dp?ie=UTF8&m=A2JY2P5URJ5MSF  http://www.amazon.in/Samsung-Pc3-10600-1333mhz-So-dimm-M471b5273ch0-ch9/dp/B003XN3BZC/ref=aag_m_pw_dp?ie=UTF8&m=A2JY2P5URJ5MSF   And below  https://www.amazon.in/Transcend-1333MHZ-SO-DIMM-Laptop-Memory/dp/B00HSZFO6U  https://www.amazon.in/Transcend-4GB-DDR3L-1600-LAPTOP/dp/B00B5LOOJG
I am looking for an action camera that has the following features:   GPS built in All metadata (mainly GPS) needs to be accessible via an API. I need to be able to pull this metadata for any point in a video.  At least 1080p video; the faster the framerate the better Needs to be mountable (I am planning on attaching this to a drone or gimbal with GoPro mounts) Still photos are a plus, but not required. Does not need an LCD Does not need to be waterproof   My budget for this is approximately $450.   Access to the metadata does not need to be possible while it is recording. I need to be able to access it when I am processing a video file so that I can pin point a video's recorded location on a map, or map out a route the device took on a map. This will all be done post processing.  This is similar to a previous Action Camera question, but not exact. The main differences are the need for the built in GPS/metadata access and higher budget.
I currently purchased a "Sapphire 11244-01-20G Radeon NITRO R9 390 8GB GDDR5" for a 2013 Mac Pro on El Capitan. Unfortunately it would take technical acrobatics to get it to work with the hardware, which I don't feel confident in doing.  I'm fairly new to the hardware game, and would like some kind of modular guide to learning graphics card capabilities and compatibilities.  I understand that this is a HUGE question, but all I'm asking for is a surface level guide that introduces the core concepts and provides the terminology to enable a mostly google savvy person to research the reasoning behind graphics card compatibility for differing systems.
I want this card to be able to handle anything I throw at it. I handle multiple file types through the Adobe CC (video, audio, rasterized, vector, and library) simultaneously and have to support 3 monitors. I've already tried the "Sapphire Radeon NITRO R9 390 8GB GDDR5" but I couldn't get it to work without having to jump through hoops I didn't feel confident in jumping through. Any suggestions?  Here's the specification for the computer
I was playing the old "confuse the cat with a flash-light" game, when I thought that I might like to program a confuse-a-cat robot.  Something, probably with tracks, which can right itself if he flips it over, and which I can program to move randomly around a room, turning at walls, making an occasional sound or flashing a light.  Since I am on a very tight budget, I wondered if there is some cheap kit which I can program ...  Arduino, Raspberry Pi, any platform, so long as it is programmable.  Thanks in advance for your help    [Update] my budget is $50, but the less, the better.  How can I get this unheld? It is held as too broad, but I don't really know what I can say, other than:   budget $50 programmable autonomous  wheeled or tracked can somehow sense obstacles   What more can I add? Battery operated, I guess. I didn't actually state that.   What else? Robust & cat-proof? :-)
I would like to know, is it possible for a smartphone attached to an arm to catch an epileptic seizure by using the heartbeat or other sensor and automating a phone call or sms when the seizure occurs based on the blood rate? If not, then can this be done by attaching a brain scan helmet our hat accessory connected via Bluetooth to the mobile phone?  Thanks.
I'm looking for an NFC sticker that can be stuck onto someone's rib, that can be used to detect the motion of the rib. This would be used to work out breathing patterns and abnormalities to enable a device to send an emergency alert in case of breathing difficulties. It must be compatible with Android.
I plan to use one of the new Thunderbolt 3 external GPU enclosures to connect a GTX 1070 to a laptop.  Obviously the video card of the laptop itself is unimportant, so I'm hoping to save some $$ by getting a laptop with a good CPU but a mediocre graphics card.  However, it has to have good cooling, because a CPU like a 6700HQ can still really cook. So, probably an ultra-thin laptop is not going to cut it. Good ventilation is crucial.  Btw, when I say cheap, I mean awesome quality, but less money than an awesome quality top-of-the-line gaming laptop. Probably an ASUS, Gigabyte, Lenovo or Alienware, and something sporting a GTX 965 or worse would probably be fit the bill.  EDIT  I'd really like to see at least one option from the above brands. I probably should have said "must be". Also it should be an HQ or HK CPU or better.  Budget is relative. If there's a Gigabyte laptop which fits the bill and is cheaper than the equivalent Gigabyte laptop with beefy graphics, then we're winning.
There's a video card that I want to buy (Asus ROG STRIX 1080 GTX) that comes as a regular version (A8G, which I believe is already overclocked compared to the default OEM specs) and an overclocked version 08G. I believe both ship with an easy to use overclocking software program.  The latter is actually only slightly more expensive in terms of MSRP. However, because of the lack of availability, it tends to be much more expensive than the A8G version.   Is there a reason to pay the premium for the 08G or is the A8G expected to reach the same frequencies after manual overclocking without any further drawbacks?
I would like to build a portable NAS (with one hard drive of I think 4TB). I need a full Linux and I don't want to fiddle around too much to make it work (no patching and compiling my own kernels and stuff like that).  For this I need a   small (say like two 2.5" drives on top of each other, plus at most 50%), low power (not more than 3W idle, preferably less) SBC (single board computer) with SATA (one port, preferably III, II is okay too, doesn't need 12V, just for 2.5" drives) and Ethernet (Gigabit). Bonus if it has an integrated Li-ion controller (or if you know some separate Li-Ion battery controller board for 5V uninterruptible output). Bonus if it doesnt have a crapload of unnecessary features/connectors.   Raspberry Pi doesnt have enough performance (the limiting factors are USB 2.0 and crappy Ethernet, I think) and mATX/mITX boards are too large. What can you recommend for maximum data throughput? I would like to get at least 40MB/s actual real world throughput.  It should be as cheap as possible. That said, as long as it's significantly cheaper than buying a laptop and ripping off / not using the screen, it's okay. If there is a ready to use NAS (without hard drive/empty enclosure) like that I'm fine with that too.
I want to build an Intel i3 6100 PC. I don't play games at all. Usually, i use the PC 24/7. I do lot of internet surfing and downloading. Sometimes, i use photoshop, i do audio remixing and other normal stuff.  But I am very much enthusiastic about entertainment. So mainly i want to build a budget PC for listening to FLAC/MP3 and watching BLURAY movies. I already have a huge data of 4TB. So please suggest me a good MOTHERBOARD.  I am very much concerned about heat and noise issues. I want my PC to be quiet and works silently. So please suggest me affordable components like -   SILENT DEEP COOLING HEATSINK SILENT PSU SILENT COOLING FANS & CASE   The PC should be durable according to my 24/7 usage.  My PC budget is $500 Thanks!!!
I am a hobbyist programmer and light gamer, and I'm in the market for a new computer. I don't know anything about hardware. I've looked at the Alienware website (as they are the only high-end computers I've heard of), but I've heard you're mostly paying for frills, and I don't need anything flashy.  In addition to web-browsing, I'll be using it for:   Programming (Mostly Python) Blender Adobe Premiere and Photoshop Some light gaming (I'm an occasional gamer... nothing too intense) Unity Game Development    It must have:   Windows A Big Screen (my current screen is 17.3 inches, which is perfect) A Numpad VGA and HDMI outputs SD Card reader   It would be nice to have:   Something under $1000. I can go higher if I have to. Many, many USB ports Decent battery life Something that can take a beating   It doesn't have to look flashy, and I don't care about name brands. I'd like it to last for several years.
I am looking for a laptop-sized keyboard (similar to those on Dell 15-16" laptops) that would fit in my backpack.  I am looking for recommendations for a wireless back-lit keyboard which also supports bluetooth as I wish to use it with my tablet too.  A combo package with a mouse would be nice as I need a mouse to control my laptop when connected to an external monitor. An integrated touchpad would be preferable & eliminate the need for the mouse. (tough already?)  A plus, if it exists, would be to have a usb-wired functionality which allows it to be used with a usb cable (& charge too?).  Preference is for one without a keypad but I also consider ones with it.  Asking for too much?  Update: I decided o go with cjm's recommendation of the Drevo 71 mechanical keyboard (black with blue switch). Though its bluetooth performance was a concern as reported by some reviewers but it was the only option that fits all criteria. I also ordered the "TeckNet BM306 Souris Bluetooth mouse"  I will report on the recommendation once I receive it.
I used laptops for a while and I am not up to date with the current available hardware.  I'm looking for a new PC mainly for Neural Network computations and some gaming from time to time.  The rig mainly needs strong Graphic Cards for OpenCL/CUDA computations. The CPU must not bottleneck the GPUs. The cpu needs proper single thread performance.  My target is to have a very upgradable workstation and install a relativly cheap CPU and Graphic Card. I want to upgrade the CPU when needed, so the socket should be somewhat futureproof or at least not already outdated. Maybe the i5-6600K on socket 1151 is what I need?  I want a single Graphic Card for now and add more once my Neural Network research progresses. The Motherboard should have at least 4 PCIe slots, at least two of them PCIe x16. That should be enougth room for Graphic Card expansion.  I need to be able to upgrade to at least 64 GB of fast DDR4 RAM, but will use 16 GB for now. Low lateny ram is favored.  Currently the Software I use for my Neural Network research has no support for AMD cards and requireds nvidias CUDA. So I have to buy nvidia cards. SLI is not needed, since the Cards can run those computations as individual units and Gaming is no priority.  I'm not sure if a consumer mainboard fits my needs well enough. Maybe a Serverboard?  I'm targeting a bugdet of below 1500€ (~$1660) for its first configuration.
I'm looking for a microATX motherboard with display port output or at least QHD at 60hz. I've looked around and when googling i usually dont get this its also a little innefficient to browse through each motherboard spec.   I understand I could just add a video card, but I would like to consider just the motherboard as well.
I am considering a budget gaming build. The graphic card probably will be GTX 950 or even less powerful (well, let's just suppose I'm buying a GTX950 card).  Please recommend a motherboard, my requirements are   It should be powerful enough to fully exploit the potential of GTX 950, that is, I won't blame the motherboard for running a game slowly  It should supports DDR4 memory At least I have heard of the maker of that motherboard, include ASUS, GIGABYTE, MSI, ASRock or EVGA It should be a budget motherboard, let's say under 100$
I'm searching for a power management board for powering the portable NAS from my other question, which needs 12V-24V and at most 15W, much less on average.  Required:   output to computer: 15W, voltage either regulated to something between 12V and 24V or completely unregulated (so I can add my own voltage control without doubling the inefficiencies) input from wall power: at least 30W so it can charge at a decent speed, don't care about voltage, the one for which the power supplies are cheapest input/output: li-ion battery charging/discharging.  communication channel which I can monitor so I can do a graceful shutdown before the batteries run empty. Not picky about the interface. A standard one is better of course.   Optional:   connect to individual 18650 cells in different configurations. Probably 4 or 5 cells in series would need the least voltage transformation and would thus be most efficient, but if that makes the charger too expensive then I'd rather have some more cells in total. If there is a cheaper alternative to 18650 cells then that's fine too as long it's not too large (I like how I can arrange individual cells in a pattern which fits my enclosure).
TL;DR: I'm looking for a portable printer.  I am looking for a printer that can:   Print A4 size paper Be carried in a backpack Connect to my Windows 10 laptop and Android phone (bluetooth preferred) < $150   A thermal printer is preferred, though any type will work. I have found the Brother PocketJet series but they are out of my price range.
I need a barcode terminal device for access controls workflow, this device needs to be connected to a web-application. In other words I need what can be a browser and a barcode scanner together. Price limit 500$
I'm trying to build a sit-stand desk solution with motors that can be controlled by a computer.  I've found some good instructions for building your own electric height adjustable desk here, however, it does not talk about interfacing with a computer.  I'd like to create software on a desktop, laptop, mobile phone, or tablet that interfaces with the motors of the desk, allowing them to be controlled to raise, lower the desk automatically to two or more preset locations as well as being triggered automatically under certain circumstances.  I imagine the motors would be connected to a controller that knows their position and can change their position to a known second position and the controller might have a bluetooth capability for integration with a computing device to control it.  Alternatively, perhaps a USB connection could be used.  What are some options for controllers that could provide this capability?
I have D-LINK DNS-320 which currently has 2 disk of 1TB each and I want to change them and buy two of 2TB.  My question is which kind of disk should I purchase? A regular disk or NAS disk?
I'm looking for a wired Xinput compatible controller that has vibration support and the same layout as the PlayStation. Basically the Logitech F310 with vibration. I know there was an F510 but I can't find it anywhere anymore for a reasonable price so I'm lead to believe that it's already phased out. It would have been the perfect one. I don't want the F710 because I don't want to worry about battery so I'd like if it's wired.
I'm on the hunt for a new pair of gaming headphones with a built-in microphone. I have a few hard requirements.  I need the 'internal' size of the cups to be at least 70mm (my current pair is that size and fits perfectly) and fit a larger head size (I am not sure how to measure that).  I'd like USB or a wireless dongle. Bluetooth would be OK, but I'd need to add Bluetooth to my system. A 3.5mm phone connector is kind of messy for my purposes.  Sound quality should be decent - I'm not expecting audiophile quality sound, but I'd not want my ears to bleed.  It needs to be padded in all the right places - my past few headphones have had completely padded headbands, with fabric rather than pleather in contact with my head, and it's comfortable. Likewise, pleather, not raw sponge ear cups.  I prefer closed cups over open cups. My parents have gotten into the habit of turning the lights off and on if they need my attention anyway.  My budget is about 300 SGD (~220 USD). Local availability in Singapore would be a plus.
I want to upgrade my current monitor, and I'm looking for something future-proof, seeing that a monitor is something that should last a while (10ish years).   The specs mentioned below are what I came up with, and are pretty much non-negotiable. However, I can not seem to find any monitor that meets all of these requirements. There is always something missing.   4k resolution 120Hz+ refresh rate TN panel G-Sync enabled   Considering Google search can be tricky when looking for specific things, I might just have overlooked one. Does anyone know of a monitor that meets those specs?
I'd like to replace my home lightbulbs for bulbs with on-board WiFi. I want to be able to control them with my custom "smart home" application.  Bonus points if it let's me to control R/G/B channels separately.  Does anyone have experience with such a product?
I was wondering if there is such a thing as a high-speed MicroSD adapter. I ask this because I use a class 3 microSD when I'm recording 1080p video, but since I've been doing this, my camera's on-board cache fills up forcing the video to stop recording.
Which of these external hard drives will you choose to buy if you want a 1 TB memory regarding the fact that the price and the appearance (beauty) is not important?     Silicon Power Armor A80 External Hard Drive - 1TB Silicon Power Armor A30 External Hard Drive - 1TB Silicon Power Armor A60 External Hard Drive - 1TB Silicon Power Armor A65 External Hard Drive - 1TB     Why and why not the others? Please just compare these four products and choose between them.      And if you want to buy a 2 TB external hard drive, which one will you choose. Again regarding that the price and appearance isn't important?     WDBU6Y0020BBK (Western Digital Elements External Hard Drive - 2TB)   WDBBKD0020BBK ( Western Digital My Passport Ultra Premium External Hard Drive - 2TB )     Why and why not the other? Please just compare these two products and choose between them.      Also I mean to compare the products from a technical view and the most important factor is their lifetime. I'm living in Iran and I can't use guarantee, supports or anything else. I just want to buy something and take the most of it?
I'm looking for a wifi adapter that ticks the following boxes:   Support for Windows 10 (or if not support then at least a driver that actually works on Windows 10) Fits in a PCI slot (not PCIe) Can use the 5GHz wifi band Works with 802.11n or newer   Does anything like that exist? I'm currently using an ancient TL-WN851N which mostly does the job but is only capable of using the 2.4GHz band.
I work with a homeless resource center that would like to start lending bicycles as a service. Obviously, we'd like to have a way of tracking the bikes down if one goes missing.  Specifically, I need a tracking device that is easy to use and unobtrusive. We don't have a great deal of money to throw around, so the lower the price the better.
I'm looking for a pair of bluetooth head phones to tide me over until I can afford a good pair. (I love the Jaybird Bluebuds X - but after two years they've broken.).   What's the best Bluetooth headphones I can get for around $US50?  Style doesn't matter -in ear/over ear doesn't matter. What we're looking for is decent sound quality, not going to fall apart, and comfortable if possible.
I believe this is on-topic as per https://hardwarerecs.meta.stackexchange.com/a/266/1 (it's a bigger electronic part). I'm up for debate on it, though.    I have a Nexus 5X, and I just broke the screen. This makes me unhappy, and it's not usable.  I've heard that the LED screen is fused to the glass, which might make this harder. That said, I'd still like to attempt a repair before buying a whole new phone.  My requirements:   Budget of up to $50, but I'm flexible on that. Less is better. OEM is best; I'd rather not have some kind of knockoff. I'm flexible on that too. Easier to install is ideal, but I'm not afraid of using a screwdriver.   What's the best replacement?
I'm looking for a possibility to make my desktop WiFi compatible. Currently I'm using a USB-stick that connects to the router, but it's not the best solution as it sometimes loses connection and isn't made for continuous service.   Thus I started looking and found that PCI cards have better performance. My current pricing wish would be around 30€, but it wouldn't be a big deal if it cost more. My Mainboard is an ASRock Z77 pro4 and the only PCI slot I'm using is for my graphics card (This graphics card blocks the neighboring PCI slot).  I want to sometimes play online with the card, so connection quality should be as good as possible and several hours of operation should be no problem. I'm using Win7 and (arch)Linux.   Note that I'm not up to date on the PCI standard, so I use PCI to refer to PCI-e, 2.0 and 3.0 interchangeably.
I have about 8 or 10 DDR-2 and 6 DDR-3 modules which I don't really need any more. I wonder whether there's a 5.25" SATA hard disk drive that takes DDR RAM (you can recommend for DDR-2 or DDR-3).  From the size of a 5.25" drive I'd estimate that it could have ~10 slots but 8 would also be ok, so it would be able to be a 16 GB to 20 GB disk.  From the performance, it should be able to outperform an SSD when it comes to writing speed, i.e. it should be higher than 500 MB/s.  The price should not exceed 35 €.
Is there a distinct hardware advantage between CPU's? My specific requirement will be for C++ coding and high end numerical analysis. I am building a new desktop system and considering the advantages of AMD vs Intel. Since graphics are of little concern, I'm having difficulty making that determination via google.  Specifically, I'm trying to determine which of the following CPUs I should go with:   AMD Opteron 6378 AMD FX-9590 Intel Xeon E5-2620 v4 Intel Core i7-5820K   I will be compiling software and using matlab and mathematica to do HPC.
I'm very happy with Intel's NUC series. I don't do gaming but I need to run memory intensive applications (testing our SAP application + running SQL server). From the NUCs I saw, the maximum supported memory is 32 GB, which unfortunately is not sufficient.  I am looking for a    1 liter PC (if that's the right name; similar size as the NUC) min. 64 GB RAM supported 1 2.5" SSD / HDD slot HDMI connector graphics card for Full HD resolution (but only 2D tasks, so it needn't be a high performance 3D graphics card) Intel i7 processor   Price: if it comes without RAM and disk, ~500 € is ok.
I'm going to try and make this so the answer is not based on opinion.  I have a desktop computer that I use for a variety of tasks: web browsing, video editing, video gaming, university projects, software development, listening to music, etc. I recently dropped my old pair of cheap speakers, and figured it was time for an upgrade.  I am looking for a pair of desktop/bookshelf speakers. I would like to spend less than $100-150. Now, I know that there are thousands of options in this price range, but I would like to narrow it down to two. I am either thinking of either the Edifier R1280T or the Mackie CR4. I would appreciate a recommendation, if anyone has experience with these two specific models, for which speaker would work best for my needs. I do not know enough about audio equipment to see the pros and cons of each of these two models, and would appreciate any advice you can give me. I am also open to other suggestions, but these are the two I am primarily looking at. Here are a few things I would like to have in my new speakers, and what I am considering:   hard budget of $100-150 ($150 max) studio quality (for the price range) clean aesthetics (basic form factor, nothing crazy) RCA input   Can anyone recommend which of these two speakers better fits the above requirements? I appreciate opinions, but I would like to keep this on-topic for this website, by rating which of the two has better sound quality, which has better bang-for-buck value, etc. I am more looking for metrics and values that can be measured, rather than just I like this one more than that one.
I am looking for a small (physically) USB drive that will also connect to a wireless network when it's in range. The goal is to have this drive connect to a non-computer device (TV, stereo, car, etc) and be able to play music stored on the device (streaming is not necessary). When it's in range of a preconfigured network, I'd like to be able to access it like any network share.  SanDisk makes something that is close to my goal, but has a few disadvantages that I'd like to avoid:   The use of an app to control data flow Physical size of the drive. Ideally, the device would stick out no further than an inch from the USB port it is plugged into. The shorter the better. Requires charging the device instead of drawing power via USB (when in Wireless mode)   My criteria:   Must have at least 8 GB of storage space  Must connect via WPA2 to a wireless network. Preconfiguration of this network is expected and can occur on a separate computer before the device is plugged into the final system. The final system may not have a way to configure the device (stereo or car).  Must not stick out further than 1 inch from the USB port it is plugged into Must draw power from the device it is plugged into   My budget for this, based on the SanDisk device, is less than $100. However, I am flexible with that, provided the storage capacity of the device is appropriate compared to price.
I am looking for a laptop with the following specifications. I have done a lot of searching but can't find anything that meets my requirements.   I'm willing to spend $3k, but after that becomes questionable and I have an absolute limit of $5k.  I need something light as I carry it around a lot but I need something powerful as I run VMs and develop various memory hungry Java server processes.  I feel like the answer might be found via a manufacturer that enables you to customise a model that doesn't quite meet the specs in its default configuration but will after maxing out all the configuration options. However, that makes searching for it with a search engine difficult.  Minimum Specifications   Skylake CPU i5/i7 (main concern is battery life though) 16 GB RAM 14" screen 512 GB SSD Less than 4lbs 6+ hours battery life   Good to have but not essential   Backlit keyboard 2+ USB3 ports VGA output HDMI output Ethernet port Built in webcam   Extra Dealbreakers  Must run Windows OS - cannot be a Mac  I use a lot of keyboard shortcuts so the keyboard layout is important to me. The following are dealbreakers:   Keyboards that have the Fn key outside the Ctrl key (almost all Lenovos - not sure if anyone else)  Keyboards that don't have separate Home/End/PageUp/PageDown keys   See this image of the LG Gram 14 that requires you to press Fn and an arrow key for these buttons   Already Rejected  These caught my eye but I rejected them for the reasons below,  LG Gram 14 - Only 8GB RAM and annoying keyboard  Fujitsu U904 - Only 10GB RAM and Haswell processor. Very light and cool looking though!
I have a BIOSTAR NM70I-1037U motherbord that I am using to bring an old PC back to life.  Power requirements should be minimal, although I don't know how to determine what the actual requirements would be.  The existing power supply I have for the case doesn't have the right connectors for the new motherboard.  The case has approx. 55mmx85mmx900mm space for a PSU.    Since I am just refurbishing an old PC I don't want to spend too much so old models that I might be able to pick up from ebay or elsewhere can be acceptable answers.   I am quite happy to mod the case to make it fit - up to a point. e.g. cutting a hole for a cable is OK but having a giant PSU sticking out the side is probably not!  Since I have replaced the motherboard with the mini-itx one above there is huge amounts of airflow. It is just going to be sitting on my desk for playing old Sega arcade games on an emulator.
Budget $200. Well, $50 to $200.  What should I buy?  I want it to be bluetooth mouse.  It must have left thumb button.  What would be great? The best? Several?  Wireless. By bluetooth is better so I do not need to plug another stuff.   I want to play overwatch. Basically I need the thumb button for quick melee attack.  Additional buttons are fine though I am not sure about the use. Maybe the more buttons the merrier. Maybe not.  Touch screen like apple's mouse is great. I want wheel for easy scrolling. But if the wheel is replaced by something like touch screen it'll be even better.  This seems to be a start.
I am trying to turn an old laptop into a wireless router/repeater. The laptop's built in card is not working correctly so I can't use it. What I am looking for is a USB WiFi card that supports simultaneous AP and normal mode so I can both connect to WiFi and provide it.   I currently have a card that supports only one of those modes at a time so if the performance is much better with two separate cards than I can do that but I would prefer to use only one card.  Edit: The laptop also has a full length mini pci-e slot so I can also use a mpci-e wifi card.
I use Fitbit charge HR. I don't like this because anxious to hit the keyboard when typing. So I want other activity tracker.  Requirements:   It is an activity tracker that does not attach to the wrist. It is able to measure heart rate or pulse. It provides Web Application. It provides REST API.
This may be silly question for most of you, but i always wondered, lets say we have a pc, and a phone, why when you connect the output jack of your phone, into the input jack of the pc (the red/blue input) it does not work? I mean the both analog right? why dosnt the output jack behaves like a microphone or something? My question is not restricted to phone and pc combination only, it's for any 2 terminals with input/ouput audio jacks.
I am working on a project that needs a huge amount of memory about 512GB. The processor is not very important and can be an Intel Xeon v3 3.4GHZ.   Is it possible to build a computer with this amount of memory?  what motherboard has enough slots for this memory size? I read this article, but their suggested workstation has just 64GB.  I do not want to buy an HP H840 workstation that can cost at a crazy price like $13000(!!!).  I am looking for the cheapest workstation form factor motherboard which can hold 512gb of RAM with a total system cost as low as possible.My budget is about $2700.  Any suggestion is really appreciated.
Are there any good small android smartphones? I've been using LG G2 Mini for almost two years now, and it has always seemed too big for me (neither am I happy with its performance).   To be honest, what I'm looking for is a phone that:   is small (given the current trend, the smaller the better) has Android works well with Pokemon Go (good performance and battery). :D   I've used a little bit of iPhone 5s and it's just what I want, but Apple OS slightly plays on my nerves. Is there any Android phone that can compete with it over size, performance and battery?  A decent size of internal memory is also welcomed. My old LG G2 Mini got completely stuck even though I moved literally everything I could to the SD card.
What would you recommend for daily, heavy use monitor? It'll be used mainly for programming, with breaks for gaming (grpahics GeForce GTX 960 4GB) and good series/films. Important are:   Resolution: HD, WUXGA or WQHD (1080p - 1440p) 24 - 27 inch Good color quality with evenly distributed back-light Reliable - my current Eizo lit alredy 27000 hours with nothing but one bad pixel, that's the lifespan I'd expect   I found Eizo EV2450-BK and Dell U2515H to fit my requirements (that's also price range +/- 100$). What do you think you'd buy?  [EDIT] Exact price up to 450$
I'm currently using a 1080p-resolution monitor with a refresh rate of 60 Hz. Suppose I want to drive a 24" adaptive-sync and lightboosted TN monitor with a +10% overclocked nVidia 1080 GTX GPU: Does 4k@60Hz make more sense than a 1080@144Hz?   I have seen a Youtube video of a PC gamer saying that he enjoyed gaming in 144 Hz, but he was amazed by 4k. However, I've also read a review by someone saying that you won't enjoy the 4k resolution until you hit 40" as the pixel density is too high at lower screen sizes.  Of course we're comparing apples and oranges here, but I would still like to ask someone informed whether an increased pixel density will satisfy the average gamer more than the increased refresh rate.
Is there a piece of hardware that can connect two monitors to a single video port?  I want to fool an Xbox into thinking that it's connected to a single monitor, when in fact that display area is made up of two monitors on top of each-other.  Something like this:  -------------- |            | |            | |            | |------------| |            | |            | |            | --------------   The Xbox would only see then outer rectangle, not realizing that there are two monitors present.  Does such an adapter exist?
I am looking for a cheap ($50 or less, although if needed my max price range could be $70) rgb backlit keyboard that moves colors in a wave fast like the Razer Blackwidow Chroma. Mechanical is preferred but I'll take what I can get. If you don't know what the Razer Blackwidow Chroma wave mode looks like, go here: http://www.razerzone.com/gaming-keyboards-keypads/razer-blackwidow-chroma#clicky as you can see it moves extremely fast across the keyboard. Thanks! :)
I'm looking for a mini-keyboard. Not the average mini-keyboard you can find on amazon, but a really small one, approx. the size of those you can find on some smartphones, i.e Blackberry.  I'm working on a rpi-powered pocket device, so the keyboard mustn't exceed 10cm width.
I have a mac mini that I am now using as a server, and I need to prevent data corruption in case of blackouts, brownouts, power cuts, etc.  I first wanted to use some battery backup PSU, but my possibilities could be limited, since it's a mac mini.   Is there anything like a battery, whose input for charge is from the socket, and it's output is a male AC power cord that fits into the mac mini, that can be used as a battery backup in case of cuts?
I want to purchase a laptop for my job. I need it to do photo editing and short film editing.   Main programs I use are Adobe products I need an FHD 1920x1080 screen, processor needs to be an i7 My budget is around $600
I have been searching high and low for a device that I can use the touchscreen capabilities of OneNote without breaking the bank.  I really like the Surface 4, but I am not in the financial position where I can drop $800 on the tablet and another $150 on the keyboard.  Currently, I have tried taking notes on my Lenovo Flex 2 and my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3, both where hamydowns that I took because I thought they'd work for taking notes, but neither can even come near to being usable.  The two main problems are that it is hard to draw continuous lines, and there is no easy way to switch the writing instrument so it is easy to fall behind while the lecture is going on.  Is there something out there like the Microsoft Surface, mainly concerning the OneNote integration, that does not have such a hefty price tag?  My budget is around $500, and pen + keyboard inclusion is a must.  It does not have to be a Windows device (Android would be okay too), but it needs to be responsive enough that the device lag won't be a hindrance on note taking.
I have been doing some hands on in AI and Computer Vision lately (using OpenNLP, OpenCV, etc). All these experiments were done on my PC (Intel dual core 8GB DDR2). But, now I want to use some processing unit only for AI purposes (no need of monitor, keyboard, mouse etc.). I am planning to use this processor wirelessly connected with network of webcams and microphones throughout my house (let's see a network of 4-5 cameras and microphone) in a star topology with CPU/IC as central server and cameras as nodes.  I am not good with hardware requirements and compatibility of various parts. So, can someone recommend any minimalist required CPU configuration or any IC, which can get this job done. And, what other components will be needed along with CPU/IC (for e.g motherboard)? Or at least point me in the direction where I can find my answers? Any help is appreciated.
Whenever I see retro-style portable DIY consoles, they either use a Nokia-style 1-bit black-and-white monochrome screen like in the Gamebuino, or they're built with an RGB color screen like with the PiGRRL Zero. I'd really like to know if anyone is still making monochrome screens in more than just 1-bit black-and-white. I mean, is that even a thing? Or are the gray tones of grayscale-capable monochrome screens controlled elsewhere in hardware?
In car cameras, now I know its been done before but the ones I found on Google are fairly old now, most are not 1080p or if they are its only a single camera setup.  What I'm looking to do is have a front mounted camera recording 1080p at a min of 30fps with an encoded bitrate of about 15Mbps to 20Mbps, on top of that I'm looking to have a second camera connected via USB or something similar recording 1080p at 30fps but at around 10Mbps.  So the overall loading on the storage hardware will be between 25 to 30Mbps (inc audio)    The question is, do we have any cameras that will do this, and secondly is the device powerful enough to encode 2 AV streams in to an MP4 or similar format at the same time?
I am taking a speacialist course about game developing with Unity 3D and thinking about replacing my (good???) old GTX 650 by any of the new GTX 1000 series or RX 400 series graphics card. The goal is to make some lightweight games, mostly for smatphones and low-poly games, for fun. I'm not an 3D artist, so won't make high-end games with thousands polygons per prop... by now.  The primary usage of my PC is software development, mostly server-side and mobile development, so the GPU should fit into that too.  The software I am mainly using is Unity 3D, GIMP, Blender, Inkscape, Android Studio, Visual Studio, Xamarin Studio, NetBeans, VirtualBox and Xcode (under virtualized macOS). Core specs of my rig is Intel Core i7 4790, Gigabyte GA-B85M-D3H, 16 GB DDR3, Windows 10.  Since I am going for Unity 3D, should I stay with Nvidia GPUs due to PhysX?  Would a mid-range graphics card under 300$ work for me? What would be my best purchase?
Been using a USB dongle nano on a Debian machine. It is spotty.Want a  PCIe card instead.  what is the best  pCI express card for  TL-WR841N router. would prefer a high end card in case of getting a higher rated router in the future
Pc: Acer G600 desktop (standard configuration / no replaced components)   Motherboard: Acer j87m CPU: Intel(R) Pentium(R) 4 CPU 2.60GHz GPU: ALL-IN-WONDER 9000 RAM: 512 MB --> Will be upgraded to 2GB (max RAM supported by Acer j87m)    Objective: upgrade the pc with the fastest cpu compatible with the motherboard. This machine will be equipped with a windows os or linux os and will be used to run office applications (for writing documents/browsing/reading emails/etc).    Problem: I can't find a list  of all the CPUs compatible with Acer j87m motherboard. I would like to know which CPUs I could use to upgrade my machine. Which is the fastest CPU compatible with this motherboard model? Where can I find such information?   (I already tried searching Acer support website and many websites about hardware compatibility but they don't list Acer j87m, probably because it isn't a recent model)
I'm looking for a fan controller that can do the following/has the following properties:   Does not need a 5.25" or 3.5" slot (preferably thin enough to be hidden in the 15mm space in the back of the case). Can control three 3-pin and three 4-pin fans in at least three seperate groups (splitters allowed) Can control each group based on at least one 10Ω temperature probe Can be programmed via software on the fly (e.g. fan curves) Can stop fans completely (0 RPM)     I have thus far been using the Corsair Commander Mini, but I've also been continuously dissatisfied with it. It does not meet my last requirement of being able to stop fans, and the state of its firmware and software (Corsair LINK) is horrible (several years long standing bugs still not addressed).  So, does the kind of unit I'm looking for exist?
I have a Lenovo Z50 laptop and I play games like NFS and DOOM. I also run some simulations using Octave.  CPU: Core i7-4500  RAM: 8GB  HDD: 1TB 5400rpm  I am looking for upgrading my laptop with reasonable price. the first option that comes to my mind is to increase ram to 16GB or install an SSD or replace HDD with a faster one. the later is not a good idea because of heat and power consumption.  Any suggestion?
I changed my CPU and I have all my files in old HDD (500 gb). I taught of using it as a slave drive to my new 1TB HDD. But what if it get formatted.   How can I recover it without losing the data and the problem is I have OS installed in it and I have not formatted C drive.
Because ARM processors are much less expensive and power-consuming, I want to use them in a PC with PC-type RAM and hard-drive.  Is there a motherboard the allows to use ARM processors with PC-based RAM and hard-drive?
I'm looking for a UPS that produces a pure sine wave at the output because my PSU has active Power Factor Compensation and from what I read, it doesn't work with pseudo-sine wave output.  So, my system will draw a maximum of 430W with full load. I want just enough time to hibernate the system before it runs out of power. The UPS I'm looking for needs to be:   atleast 700 VA; pure sine output; under 150 €; quality.
I know which SSD suits best my laptop, but I don't know what interface suports, how can I find out?
I am a normal laptop user (Linux). Most of my work is text editing, internet surfing, and movie watching. I want to buy a new laptop with a cost of 500 Euros. According to my work I do not think I need a super processor or GPU, but what I really need is a quiet laptop (fan noise drives me crazy) and I am not sure how to check this before buying.  Maybe the Acer Extensa 2511?
I'm about to buy a laptop, and have  narrowed it down to either a model with hd or uhd (3840x2160) screen.  I like the image quality of the uhd, but I'm seeing a lot of complaints about scaling problems on review sites.    Is it too early to go uhd, and should I wait until mainstream business applications catch up?
Some time ago, I had successfully used both 3G and 4G USB data cards on Verizon's network for mobile data access, as well as being able to natively send and receive SMS messages.  Verizon's only current USB offering - their MiFi 4G LTE data card (Novatel USB620L) - apparently does not support sending SMS messages from the card.  I had received a reply back from Verizon's Business & Government Customer Operations Support (Issue Tracking No. 98051-080116) as such:     I got final word back from our device team that we do not support SMS through AT commands.   ... which reflects what I also received back from Novatel technical support (reference INC0234732) as such:     We have got the responce from our engineering team that Mobile Originated SMS is NOT supported on USB620L.   The frustrating aspect of this is that I thought this was considered "core" 4G functionality.  Verizon had also published a "Linux Integration Guide" for this card at http://www.verizonwireless.com/dam/support/pdf/user_guide/u620-linux-integration-guide-7-17-15.pdf - which was one of the primary reasons we chose this card and solution through VZW, as this connectivity was intended for a Linux device.    It also still "works" in that I can send a SMS message such that it is received by another phone - but in doing so, the serial console hangs for another ~3 minutes before finally returning:  +CMS ERROR: 500    I can repeat the same with the gammu command-line tool provided specifically for working with SMS (vs. hacking the manual "AT" commands).  Further details were posted to https://community.verizonwireless.com/message/1451434 at the beginning of the month - which is still unanswered as of this posting.  (Given that the focus of this site is for a hardware recommendation and not troubleshooting, I won't repeat the additional problem report details here.)  Verizon has tried to steer me to using their their Enterprise Messaging or other online solutions.  These are largely restricted to or at least prefer messaging to only other VZW subscribers.  They also require data access and additional integration work, where SMS would hopefully be a bit more standard and robust.    Is there a currently supported 4G USB data card that works on Verizon's network for mobile data access, as well as supporting native sending and receipt of SMS messages?  Support under Linux would be most preferable - but even with a "Windows-only" solution, I'm guessing I could also get it working under Linux (provided firmware-level support).
I am trying to build a workstation machine for molecular dynamics simulations. I will be using Tesla K20X for performing simulations (requires extensive communication between processors) and Intel-Xeon-E5-2683-V3-QS-2.0Ghz for distributed computing jobs that don't require extensive communication between cpu cores such as molecular docking.  Here are the SPECS:  GPU: NVIDIA-Tesla-K20X-6GB-Kepler-GPU-Graphics-Accelerator (I'll add another when I have more money) 900$  CPU: 2* Intel-Xeon-E5-2683-V3-QS-2.0Ghz (Total of 28 physical cores) 220$ each  Motherboard : ASUS Z10PE-D16 WS LGA2011-v3/ Intel C612 PCH/ DDR4/ Quad CrossFireX and 3-Way SLI/ SATA3&USB3.0/ M.2/ A&V&2GbE/ EEB Server Motherboard. 565$  OR should I go with? ASRock Rack Motherboard EP2C612 WS. 400$  RAM: Crucial 32GB Kit (16GBx2) DDR4-2133 MT/s (PC4-2133) CL15 DR x4 ECC RDIMM Server Memory. 170$  DISK: SanDisk SSD Plus 240GB 2.5-Inch SDSSDA-240G-G25 (70$) I'll have HDDs for storage  Power Supply: EVGA SuperNOVA 1000 P2, 80+ PLATINUM 1000W  Fans: Noctua i4 CPU Cooler for Intel Xeon CPU_ LGA2011, 1356 and 1366 Platforms NH-U12DXi4  Case: Phanteks Enthoo Pro Full Tower Chassis PH-ES614PC_BK (96$)  Are the parts all compatible with each other? Will the motherboard or any other component bottle the performance? I am not quite sure about the case and fans because I've never built a server before. P.S my budget is up to 2600$  Thanks
MOVED TO SUPERUSER STACKEXCHANGE    I have a HP Pavillion dv6 laptop for about 6 years now, but I have always had heat (the computer now and then "freezes" because of over-heating, even when I am running no heavy processes) and battery (I am not able to watch a full movie with only the battery) troubles.   I suspect that the main problem is in the processor (Intel Core i7 720QM / 1.6 GHz) which consumes too much power and therefore drains battery and overheats at the same time. I read that it is possible to reduce the number of active cores in Windows with msconfig; is this a good idea considering my problem? How will it affect my working experience? Will it reduce heat and increase battery life? Will it reduce performance considerably?  Are there other, and better solutions you would suggest (such as a laptop stand with active cooler, other OS, ...)?
I am searching for a Switch with at least 1 SFP+ and 16 100/1000Mbit Ports, Jumbo Frames with at least 9216Bytes and SNMP support.  I used a DGS 1510 Series Switch from D-Link until now, but the SNMP features are buggy. The size is important too (the smaller the better) and it should have active cooling. Vlans should be supported too.  Edit: Price can go up to 200€, There are two cases where these switches will be used. One time under a machine and one time in a switching box. Measurment should not exceed 280 × 180 × 44 mm.  Edit2: The switches are not used for internet access, just for point to point connections, so port features are not necessary. An integrated web-server would be nice too.
I have a business of 300-400 employees. I am looking for a dual router that can push T3 speeds. I have looked into the Cisco RV325 (the router needs to be Cisco) but I'm not sure if that'll be enough for a company of that size. I've also looked at the 2900 series but it seems a little over kill? I'm new to networking and still getting my bearings when it comes to specs. Any help would be appreciated! The two main requirements right now is that is T3 capable and be a dual router. I will have two IPS connections I want to load balance.
I want to do some maths in terms of the max number of Ethernet adapters a motherboard can take for each port to function without any deterioration. As I'm planning to plug in multiple Ethernet cards(e.g. four  Quad Port Server Adapter assuming the motherboard has enough slots) and they will be connected to FPGA boards and used for their full bandwidth at all times.That's at least sixteen adapters.  I was wondering if there will be any side effects for such a configuration.
I am going to be building a PC and i have chosen all components, but the CPU. I have stopped on i7-6700k and i7-6800k. I know that for gaming the i7-6700k will have better performance, but i am going to be using my PC for programming/developing applications on VM (Windows 10 with Visual Studio, Eclipse, etc.). So, is the i7-6700k with its 4 cores (2 on the Host and 2 on the Guest) the enough or the i7-6800k with its 6 cores (2 on the Host and 4 on the Guest or 3 on the Host and 3 on the Guest) the better choice? I am just not sure that the i7-6700k will provide me a smooth experience like i am not on a VM.
I'm currently looking for a smartphone with maximum screen-to-body ratio. I need the smartphone to look like kind of a futuristic way. like screen on both of the edges or screen covering maximum area on front and less edge borders. It doesn't have to be cheap or powerful in processing etc. I just need it to look like a next-gen gadget. any help is appreciated. thanks in advance!
I want to build up a tvheadend server with 4 possible clients over unicable. So i have a unicable source with 4 channels which i want to pass to a server. Is there any affordable usb receiver, which can handle input from 1 cable with four simultaneous streams of DVBS2?
I'm looking for an external GPU to use with a Macbook Pro, with Thunderbolt 2 and running OSX. Most of the examples I've found online are of people using an eGPU for gaming, dual-booting on Windows 10, on Mac hardware. That's not my goal.  Products like what's on this Kickstarter campaign, or BizonBox, are supposedly designed to work with Mac hardware and software. However, Bizonbox for example lists the Nvidia GTX 1060 and up as Windows only. I assume that's because of the availability of Thunderbolt hardware.  What I want is a GPU that will work with Mac OSX, and an enclosure that supports both Thunderbolt 2 and 3 – or if not both, then can be upgraded when I upgrade my laptop. Is this possible?
Our family does long distance car travel 2 or 3 times a year.  I have young kids and I load up movies and tv shows spread across all tablet and phone devices.  What I'd prefer do is run a wifi router in the car that has attached storage.  The router can also support 3/4G network.  I found http://en.four-faith.com/f3a36h-mediawifioperating-marketingrouter.html but they seem to be the manufacturer intended to be used by wholesalers.   Does anyone know where I can buy such gear retail? I live in Australia.  I've searched and searched but can't find a thing.  Alternatively, can what suggestions are there to enable my requirements?
We are cosolidating  video surveillance systems on our sites.  I am  looking for an IP enabled DVR/NVR device that would be capable of handling video signal from  different CCTV BNC analog cameras (presumably all PAL) with different  resolutions CIF, DCIF etc., till max 720 x 480. from different manufacturers (Avir,  Pixim, JCC, Sony, Trans Pac, Tekno, Hikvision, CP Plus etc.).   The device  should be also able to connect IP ONVIF cameras and work as NVR as we switch to IP cameras continuously.   Also it should be possible to connect to multiple sites over IP  network with one user-friendly interface or application with password protection and various access levels (separate access rights to view recordings and change settings). It would be nice if it allows  for streaming individual cameras form our custom windows .NET app. Also the device must be capable of deleting recordings older than X days and perform network time sync.   Usually there are max. 8 cameras on sites, on some others up to 16.  So far the DAHUA S3 or NT looks promising, but I have no hands on experience with it so far.
I'm looking for a USB thumb drive to keep on my keychain, but with removable (therefore replaceable and upgradable) microSD storage rather than flash memory that is built into the device. There are of course hundreds of options for something like this, but I'm looking for a specific set of features.  Basically, I'm looking for something like the Kingston Datatraveler or the similar Samsung thumb drive (photos below), but with removable microSD storage.   Metal unibody construction USB type-A connector built into the body (not a slide-out connector or one with a detachable cap) Large hole at one end for a keyring, also built into the body of the device and not a tether cord or plastic piece. Ideally the hole would be like the Kingston model below, so the whole device is flat and lays flat with keys on the keyring)   Kingston Datatraveler:    Samsung thumb drive:    I imagine the micro SD card would be installed similarly to how this device works: the card is inserted into the USB connector itself. I actually have one of these exact readers and it works well but is way too flimsy for daily duty on my keychain:
I had an old PC (the build was originally a Siemens Celsius 460 workstation) whose case I wanted to strip apart and supply with newer components. For most components (those with standardised sizes, i.e. hard drive, optical drive, mainboard) this was easy but I ran into an unexpected problem when wanting to install the new power supply unit.  The previously installed unit — an Astec AA21720 — was screwed into a metal in-between casing thing[1] and then onto the back of the case. The new unit — a Corsair VS350 — has its screwholes in different locations (what I presume is today’s standard locations). It’s not physically possible to fasten the new PSU with the screws and the in-between thing-a-ma-jig[1] provided and it’s not really possible to screw it in without it. But, the new PSU, while being wider than the old one (15 cm versus 12.5 cm) is still slimmer than the width of the case (approx. 18 cm). This leads me to believe that I haven’t lost yet. But let me show you some pictures first, so we know what we are talking about:   The old PSU with the thing-a-ma-jig[1] to screw into the back of the chassis.   The new PSU as is. But with the screw locations visible.   And these are both to compare them with each other.  Are there any positioning-adapter thing-a-ma-jigsies[2] that I could buy and put between the new PSU and the back side of the case, so that all screws can fit into holes made for them? Sort of like the thing-a-ma-jig[1] the old PSU has, which basically allows to screw that one into chassis screw holes which are somewhere completely different. (If I could, I would buy the lowest-end cheap stuff because I don’t give a damn about most of the cool things that a case can do, so assume the bottom end of the price scale for standard PC cases.)  For convenience, I have labelled the two things I don’t know what to call by superscripted [1] and [2]. Superscripted [1] always refers to the metal thing seen in the first picture, distinguishable from the PSU by its darker shade of grey. Superscripted [2] refers to some similar thing I do not own yet.
I want to get power receptacles controlled via web and buttons.   Specifications:    I need an one-room system, wireless. Electric power system here is bad for signal transferring. WiFi (Z Wave, ZigBee, etc), BlueTooth frequencies are fine.  Ok price, up to 25$ per receptacle (not including other parts). Only on/off for controlling simple devices plugged in. Status isn't necessary.   Also, please, don't propose inflexible closed undocumented and proprietary protocols' devices. Here's "and", not "or". For example, Z Wave is proprietary but seems ok. Open source solutions which are free but are a coder's scribbles with a long dead community aren't good for me. The receptaplaces controller functional should be expandable with sensors, actuators, etc.  Difficulty level: mid-tier, I'm an IT guy, but not a hardware guy.  So, no circuits' designs from scratch, please, anything from the "arduino" level is ok.   Please, give me the recommendations with a rough pricing and links.
As discussed in this question, a US to Europe Plug Converter Travel Charger Adapter for Apple iBook/MacBook could be used. However, this particular entry in Amazon would cost ~14$ and I am located in San Francisco for September. I tried to ship it to Greece, but Amazon wouldn't accept that.  So the questions is if there is this particular hardware piece somewhere in San Francisco, so I can go and pick it. Please recommend!   Sorry, if this is not the most appropriate question, but I am really desperate on finding one!
I am looking for a small computer (preferably with Linux, but as long as it can be programmed I am happy), that comes in a casing and has at least one RS-232 (9 pin D-SUB) connector and an ethernet port.  Power consumption is not an issue, it will be grid-powered, size and price are important. Also, it is for a commercial application, so availability is also important.  I have found the NanosG20, but I was wondering if that is a good choice, or that others are perhaps available.
By how much the processing time of macbook pro changes by changing sata drive to ssd? If it makes much difference then which ssd will be best? I was thinking of changing by current SATA drive but I want to first get sure that after changing I will get a considerable change in performance of my Mac. I used a MacBook air and was stunned by its performance. The only difference between my MacBook pro and air was of hard drive. I searched google about it but didn't got any good answer about it.
I expect to build a workstation machine based on xeon chip, essentially for having multiple cores and ecc memory. I found on ebay some used xeon E5 chips with low prices, but they are tagged "ES" (engineering samples), or "QS". I searched a bit about these chips, it's said it's illegal to own these chips. They also said that ES chips are not 100% stable, and that's specifically what I'm searching for. ("I don't care" about consumption). They also talk about stepping.  What can you advice ? E3 / E5 / E7 chip ? V1/V2/V3/V4 ?  Edit : I prefer E5, in order to add a second processor in future.  Used/not used/ES used ?
Here's my current config   Intel i5 4440 @ 3.1 GHz (Onboard GPU -  Intel HD Graphics 4600) 4GB Ram 1TB HD 128 GB SSD Running Windows 7 Ultimate (64 bit) ASUS H81M-CS  Motherboard   I'm a casual gamer and am also looking at doing a bit of android dev. I was thinking of purchasing and adding a dedicated GPU to expand on the number of games I could play and also to accelerate the android emulator's performance while developing.  I am thinking of purchasing a GTX 750 Ti. However the comments on this amazon page and this toms hardware thread mention that the following games worked well on this card.   Crysis 3 -  2013 Arkham Knight -  2015 Metro 2033 -  2010 Batman: Arkham City -  2011 Need for Speed Rivals -  2013 Battlefield 4 -  2013 Tital Fall -  2014 BioShock Infinite -  2013 Watch Dogs -  2014 Battlefield: Bad Company 2 -  2010 Call of Duty: Black Ops II -  2012 Ryse: Son of Rome : 2013 Batman Arkham Origins : 2013   I noticed most games were from pre 2013 with a few from 2015. I have been able to play many of them without a dedicated graphics card. Some of the games I've been able to play are Assassin's creed 1, Assassin's creed 2, Batman Arkham Origins, Watch Dogs with ease. All of which were made around the same time as the games on the list above.  I haven't been able to test the rest yet, but it did get me thinking as to how much of a difference would it make to add a GTX 750 Ti. I'm not looking at maxed out settings and FPS, just decent gameplay.   So my question is   Given my onboard graphics seems to function fairly well, are there games I absolutely cannot play without the GTX 750 Ti. (for games till 2015 at mid / low settings with decent FPS) How much of a difference would it make with the android emulator performance. Would the power of my onboard graphics go unutilized in this case.   I hope I haven't stuffed too many questions together, thought of clubing them as they are all related to the same problem.
I am currently looking for a new 14" notebook and I'm choosing between the Dell E7470 and the Lenovo T460s. (Unfortunately I cannot post links to these due to <10 reputation.)  Other differences aside, I can see that   the Dell E7470 has two memory banks and therefore supports a dual-channel configuration, but although it can accommodate a PCIe NVMe SSD too, it will run at half of the PCIe bandwidth. the Lenovo T460s comes with choices of PCIe NVMe SSDs, but has 4 GB of RAM soldered, so if I add more than another 4 GB of RAM, then it will not run in a dual-channel configuration.   Which one would be more important for overall performance, dual-channel memory or an NVMe SSD at the full PCIe bandwith?  My performance requirements are not that high, just some Java and PHP software development and running virtual machines, but I would like to have something that will still be sufficient in a few years. (My current notebook is nearly 10 years old!)
In another question, I asked how one specific difference between the Dell E7470 and the Lenovo T460s affects performance.  Based on other differences between these two notebooks, I'm leaning towards the Dell E7470.  Although the Dell E7470 supports PCIe NVMe SSDs, they will run at half of the PCIe bandwidth. If I buy this notebook, how much would I still benefit from replacing the stock SATA III SSD with a PCIe NVMe SSD?  I'm talking about performance gain noticable in practice, with my main usage being software development and running virtual machines.
I'm looking for an audio board or USB dongle that has proper sidetone.  I don't use a headset with integrated mic because I don't like the bad sound quality. Instead I have a separate desk microphone plugged in to the mic port, and earphones. However on my mobo with Windows 10 clicking on the "listen to this device" in the audio settings gives me the microphone audio with a delay of a couple of tenths of a second or so (presumably its made the round trip through the A-D, digital mixing and then D-A). This makes it unusable: if you try talking while listening to your delayed voice it makes you stammer.  So I'm looking for a reasonably cheap, reasonably good quality audio board (either a PCI-E board or USB) that has a proper sidetone setting so that I can hear myself in real time without that delay.  Does anyone have any recommendations? I've looked through Amazon, but most vendors don't even mention it. When they do its not clear whether there is a delay. Nobody uses the word "sidetone".
I have SQL Server Express on my Laptop with following configuration  Model: HP 240 (F6Q29PA) Processor:Intel Core I3-3110M CPU@2.4 Ghz RAM : 2GB HDD : 500 GB Windows 7 Enterprise 64 bit OS  I run my batch every weekend and it takes about 15 hours to finish. Obviously this is too much for my poor home laptops and they keep burning up. So I am looking to have a more professional machine for it. The aims are  1) The machine shouldn't overheat and burn up every two years.  2) The batch time should come down to 7-8 hours (10 hours is passable too). That way I can run my batch daily instead of just weekends.  I don't intend to do anything else on this machine other than probably some Excel, so I don't have any Graphics Requirement at all. Kindly help me with your suggestions. I will be happy to provide more info if required.
I'm looking to extend wifi into a detached garage 200ft away from my house.  The metal shed is not insulated or climate-controlled, and can get quite HOT during the Florida summers.    Can anyone recommend a specific Wireless AP capable of operating in these extreme temperatures? Should I look at specialized outdoor hardware, or buy the cheapest AP I can find, and plan on replacing it often?
I need to purchase around 10 tablets or laptops to enable very technically challenged users to open powerpoint presentations and videos that I copy manually onto the device.   The following restrictions will apply to the device - no network connectivity allowed - no copying of content to or from the device via hardware ports Only I as sysadmin will be able to unlock those restrictions with the device physically with me.  The device needs to be able to connect to a variety of old and new projectors using HDMI or VGA. The device needs a screen that the presenter can see   I am currently considering:  - Android device that has VGA and HDMI ports or adapters for them - iPad with VGA and HDMI port adapters - windows laptops running Windows enterprise (10 licenses) so I can use Microsoft Applocker to lock down the entire laptop so only Powerpoint and VLC player can be used  Firstly what would you recommend from the above options - cost is sensitive here.  Second are there any better options I should consider?
In order to build a vending machine, using Multi Drop Bus protocol, I need a board which will support a full 9 data-bit UART (with no bit stuffing, or tricks with the parity bit).  I also need a few GPIO for driving motors, and the ability to connect an LED dispaly.  Nice to have:     also supporting WiFi  supporting Linux large user support community good IDE programmable in C cheap   The 9 bit UART should preferably be on-board, but a simple add-on, such as an Arduino shield, would be acceptable.  I have seen a lot of purported solutions using bit-banging, but would rather do it properly, as any problems with bit-banging would not be much fun to debug.    [Update] Two years after originally posting, I wonder if anything new has appeared on the scene in the interim? Perhaps the idea of a shield/hat is the way to go?
I want to buy a new laptop to work mainly with image and video processing. I really want to buy a laptop that will make things easier for me (installation of python, opencv, and other libraries) and also I don't want to be limited in terms of RAM or processing.   I'm a bit of an Apple fan, but I know I shouldn't be seduced by the light weight and other features. I'm aware that for the price of a MacBook I could get a PC with more storage, RAM, etc. Also I might be needing to connect an Arduino or Raspberry Pi, and I'm not sure if a MacBook (equipped for a wireless world) would do the work.  Any recommendations on what kind of laptop to get?
So I am trying to decide on a laptop which will run a ubuntu apache webserver, which does not break the bank.  I am using the webserver as a kind of quiz machine with 50 wireless clients connected concurrently answering questions and submitting answers. Nothing heavy like streaming videos, but each user requests is around 10-30 kb, static pages, one question per page, one jpeg. The users could be using the server all at once.  Anyway, I hear that RAM is very important over anything else but because I am using it for what I am trying to do, I am making sure that I have enough RAM and a SSD drive. The model I am thinking about Lenovo L460:  http://i.stack.imgur.com/VOQO7.png  http://i.stack.imgur.com/6O7Uj.png  But the question I want to ask is if the current processor is too weak to handle my project and I should upgrade to the intel core i5 to maximize performance?
Summary: is it possible to get a cheap motherboard that supports an   AMD CPU, 2 Nvidia GPUs and AHCI for SSDs?      UPDATE: Turns out the SSD works with the old setup (thanks,   @Journeyman). I now have the SSD along with the newer Nvidia on my   system. I have a spare Nvidia 560 Ti.   I built a PC 5 years ago with an AMD Phenom II X6 1100T CPU.  I bought an SSD recently but realized that it has problems due to lack of AHCI support on my motherboard.  I had an Nvidia 560Ti but recently upgraded to an Nvidia GTX750.  I'm planning to buy a new budget motherboard. I want one that supports SSD/AHCI, but since I have 2 Nvidia GPUs, I was wondering if it is worth getting a motherboard that supports multiple GPUs.
I already have a good video card of GTX 1060. So I do not need a CPU with GPU on it. See: Skylake microarchitecture. So skylake is not an option.  That being said, we do not have i9 right? i7 is like the best CPU there is.  ECS H61H2-M12 1.0 Enclosure Type: Desktop  The motherboard sucks I know. But well, what's the best CPU I can plug there. I can't easily upgrade my motherboard.  It's sucks because when I play overwatch I do not get 60 fps. Also the CPU is maxed out at 100%. I also do recording. This is my current CPU  3.00 gigahertz Intel Core i5-2320 32 kilobyte primary memory cache 256 kilobyte secondary memory cache 6144 kilobyte tertiary memory cache 64-bit ready Multi-core (4 total) Not hyper-threaded   Some CPU comes with GPU already on the same slot. I have no idea what it is for given that I already have a good GPU on my main board. So if that extra GPU on CPU cost more money I would rather a GPU less CPU.  This is my belarc advisor result  Operating System Windows 10 Professional (x64) Version 1511 (build 10586.545) Install Language: English (United States) System Locale: English (United States) Installed: 8/7/2016 10:53:51 PM Servicing Branch: Current Branch for Business (CBB) Boot Mode: BIOS (Secure Boot not supported) System Model ECS H61H2-M12 1.0 Enclosure Type: Desktop Processor a 3.00 gigahertz Intel Core i5-2320 32 kilobyte primary memory cache 256 kilobyte secondary memory cache 6144 kilobyte tertiary memory cache 64-bit ready Multi-core (4 total) Not hyper-threaded Main Circuit Board b Board: ECS H61H2-M12 1.0 Bus Clock: 400 megahertz BIOS: American Megatrends Inc. 4.6.4 10/27/2011 Drives 1755.58 Gigabytes Usable Hard Drive Capacity 510.09 Gigabytes Hard Drive Free Space  Generic Flash Disk USB Device (8.05 GB) -- drive 3 ST1000DM003-9YN162 [Hard drive] (1000.20 GB) -- drive 0, s/n S1D0F680, rev CC4C, SMART Status: Healthy ST3500312CS [Hard drive] (500.11 GB) -- drive 2, s/n 5VVAE8XQ, rev SC13, SMART Status: Healthy TS256GSSD370 [Hard drive] (256.06 GB) -- drive 1, s/n B968689423, rev N1114B, SMART Status: Healthy Memory Modules c,d 8170 Megabytes Usable Installed Memory  Slot 'A1_DIMM1' has 4096 MB Slot 'A1_DIMM3' has 4096 MB Local Drive Volumes  c: (NTFS on drive 1) *  255.27 GB   32.86 GB free       BitLocker† d: (NTFS on drive 0)    105 MB  31 MB free       e: (NTFS on drive 2)    500.11 GB   382.16 GB free      BitLocker† f: (NTFS on drive 0)    209 MB  136 MB free          g: (NTFS on drive 0)    265.19 GB   64.00 GB free       BitLocker† h: (NTFS on drive 0)    734.70 GB   30.90 GB free       BitLocker† * Operating System is installed on c: † Encrypted volume. Network Drives None detected   I also want high performance per price ratio.
I'm helping to buy a computer for a person whose main computer's use will restrain to web browsing, checking e-mail, office tasks but who may occasionally run Windows in a VM or perform some video conversion.  Among the offers I found two similar ones:    Acer V3-372 with Pentium 4405 and a LED IPS matrix, extra USB-C and USB 3.0 port Acer V3-371 with i3-5005U and a LED matrix   The latter of them is 8.2% more expensive than the former, i.e. 150 PLN. Is the i3 processor worth the extra money in these case?   There's a benchmark showing that Pentium 4405 is 14% faster than i3 (CPU-wise), but benchmarks are benchmarks: http://cpu.userbenchmark.com/Compare/Intel-Pentium-4405U-vs-Intel-Core-i3-5005U/m54474vsm24957  The notebook will run Linux, probably Cinnamon or KDE as its desktop environment.
I'm helping to buy a computer for a person whose main computer's use will restrain to web browsing, checking e-mail, office tasks but who may occasionally run Windows in a VM or perform some video conversion.  Now I'm left with three offers, all with matte screens and 8GB RAM, sorted by price   1700PLN: Lenovo ThinkPad E450, LED 1366x768, i3-5005U, SSD 120G, 8G RAM: link 1800PLN: the same but with 12G RAM: link 1950PLN: Acer V3-371, LED 1366x768, i3-5005U, SSD 120G: link 2150PLN: Lenovo IdeaPad 500s-13, LED IPS 1920x1080, i3-6100U, SSD 240G: link   I think that 120G of SSD would be plenty for the user. Battery life is very important. Please keep in mind that the earnings in Poland are much lower than in the western countries.  The notebook will run Linux, probably Cinnamon or KDE as its desktop environment.  Are the more expensive options worth the extra cost?
I can not seem to find a motherboard that is compatible with all my parts without going over $80. Here are my parts:   Intel Core i5-2310 2.9GHz Quad-Core Processor Crucial Ballistix Sport 8GB (2 x 4GB) DDR3-1600 Memory Kingston HyperX Fury 120GB 2.5" Solid State Drive Western Digital Caviar Blue 1TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive EVGA GeForce GTX 950 2GB Superclocked Video Card   I need a motherboard that supports the following:   At least two sata 6/gbs connectors Support for ddr3 memory  Socket 1155 usb 3.0 front headers would also be preferred. Micro ATX Form Factor   If you know a motherboard that would work for me any help would be greatly appreciated.
Are there switches which have a direct connection between two ports (e.g. port 1 and 2) when the power is not plugged in? I would like those two ports linked as if there was a direct connection with a cable instead of a (switched off) switch in between. As soon as the power is plugged in, the switch should operate as usual.  Are there any? Is it probably a common behavior of some models? Is there a name for that feature?
I am looking for a device to create a "personal zone" to prevent other from hearing what I say. E.g., if I seat in an open space office and give a phone call, I don't want other people to hear me.  I am aware of:   Muzo, which has a "Secret mode to protect speech privacy by Sound Masking", but the product isn't available yet (expected release date: spring 2017) and some people weren't so optimistic about it on reddit. stenomasks, but there are quite uncomfortable.   Since this Stack Exchange website focuses on electronic devices, if you have some ideas that doesn't involve electronic devices, you're welcome to share them on this question posted on Home Improvement: Isolating a workstation located in an open space office.
I have shopped all over Chennai, India and the most popular online shopping portals in India, but I am not able to find a tempered glass for Moto X Play which covers the complete display.  All the tempered glass products I have looked at only covers a part of the screen. 2-3 cm uncovered areas are left in the left and right sides of the screen. I'm looking for a tempered glass covering for Moto X Play that covers the complete display. Does anyone have a good recommendation?
I'm a software developer by trade so I type a lot for extended periods. For the past 3 years i've been using the apple full sized aluminum keyboard for both work and home use. Two major positives stand out to me about this keyboard:  Precision & shallow key depth. I love the feel of the apple keys - they inspire a sense of precision when I type. The tactile feel is great and coupled with the shallow key depth it allows me to type at a rapid rate while gliding across the keyboard with ease.  Slim profile. Another thing I really enjoy about the apple keyboard is how thin and flat it rests on the desk. It wasn't until i tried a mechanical keyboard that i learned to appreciate this. The thin profile allows me to rest my palms on the desk while keeping my hands/wrist/forearms in straight alignment. A thicker mechanical keyboard requires my hands to tilt upward causing undue stress. A palm wrest seems to be a necessity but shockingly very few mechanical keyboards come with one integrated.  I thought i’d give mechanical keyboards a try so i picked up a corsair k70. I’m really struggling with the bulk of this keyboard. I find it requires my hands to angle up too much. Also the long key depth (4mm) seems unnecessarily long. After using it for about a month now I find I am still unable to type as fast as with the thinner keyboard and the k70 still causes some soreness and uncomforted after extended use.  Are there any mechanical keyboards that have good integrated palm wrests that would offer a similar hand/wrist/forearm alignment to the apple aluminum keyboard?
As a musician and a regular traveler between North America (110V for power outlets) and England (230-240V), my aunt needs an excellent speaker to listen to her classical music and opera on her laptop, because the laptop's built-in speakers have too poor sound quality.  What solutions can help my aunt? She has tried:   taking her speakers (that she uses now and purchased in the US) and a Voltage Transformer but this is too inconvenient and bulky.  purchasing USB speakers, but they suffer from too poor sound quality. User 'cfinley' edited this question earlier, and suggested: a speaker system that she can take with her that works in both the USA and England without any Voltage Transformers and has good sound quality. What products would you recommend for her?
So I bought a Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S which has a single usb type c port. I also bought a usb c hub so I could connect it to an external monitor via hdmi.  I also wanted to be able to boot into linux via flash drive, so I bought a usb c flash drive.    Then when I got everything I realized I couldn't plugin the flash drive and the hub at the same time.  The hub appeared to have a usb type c port, but this port appears to only allow me to provide input power and even if it did work as a port I still would need two usb type c ports one for the flash drive and one for power.   I figured I just needed to buy a different usb hub with usb type c ports instead of type a ports... but I can't seem to find a usb type c hub that additional type c ports! They all appear to have female type A ports some with a power pass through and some without but none of them seem to have additional type c ports.  Is there a type C hub that will connect to the Tab Pro S, and will allow me to connect both the external monitor via HDMI and the flash drive at the same time?
I hope you can help me.  I´m searching for a powerful laptop with following criteria:   16GB RAM 500GB SSD NVIDIA graphics card Ubuntu OS   It doesn´t matter if the laptop has less RAM or a smaller SSD ( i can upgrade these two components later).  The most important thing is that its NVIDIA graphics card works well with Ubuntu.  It will be used for software development with OpenGL on Ubuntu. It would be great if the dedicated graphics card can be set for primary usage.  What kind of laptop would be appropriate for our use?
I'm searching for a new monitor, I currently own (for more or less 1 years) a Dell UltraSharp 24" (U2414H) which is a very good monitor but I feel uncomfortable with it (24 inches is too big for me and due to the conception of the screen it appear also too close from me) and would like to switch with a 22" monitor.  Requirement :   ~22 inches Full HD resolution (1920x1080) HDMI and at least 3 USB port (audio I/O is a plus) Available in Europe < 250&euro;   Main usage of the monitor is for multimedia and programming, nothing fancy, I don't need internal speakers. I would like something like ASUS VX229H but it don't have any USB ports neither audio I/O.
I'm looking for something inexpensive to use as an electronic task board mounted on the wall in a house spending under or close to $50 if possible.  Preferably a 7" screen minimum. 3" seems to small.  Screensaver or screen dimming isn't in the foreground yet but I will want to consider the energy drain and the ambient light late at night with all lights off. If it turns the display off automatically then that would be a plus.  I would also like this to be not too difficult to set up. I'm fine drilling a couple nails in the wall but I'm not interested in attaching a laptop LCD screen to a Raspberry Pi or using a soldering iron.  I have a Raspberry Pi Model B already.  I have a couple tablets already but they're always being used, so I can't put any existing tablet on the wall full-time.  I also don't want to tie up the family room TV with this.  I did see an RCA tablet for around $35 running Android. This might work if the quality of the tablet is good. I've seen tablet picture ledges that could probably be put on the wall, but the charging cord for the tablet won't look appealing.  Once I have this, I'm planning on running one application on it full time that displays a web page. The web page is a custom Node.js application that fetches task list items from my Wunderlist account and renders them the way I want in a browser window, or if necessary an Android app showing a web view.  EDIT: A digital picture frame would suffice if I could script periodically regenerating an image of the web page e.g. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/968201/convert-web-page-to-image. If the frame supports Wi-Fi, it can display photos stored on my LAN, one or more of which could be a generated image of the current page.
After I invested on a laptop to start graphic designing I ended up finding out that AMD wasn't good for it and that my computer's power isn't enough(AMD doesn't support openGL render and I have just an i5 processor in my computer). So I was wondering if it was possible to install an external GPU on my pc. I am just a simple end use with not so much knowledge on hardware, and I was wondering if external nvidia graphic cards are available that would run via USB ports in my PC(windows 7). If not, what would be a work around for me that would provide me a similar performance of an nvidia graphic card and would support high and fast rendering(for 3D graphics,{specifically I'm using blender- cycles})? (I'm using a dell inspiron laptop.)
So I wanna buy a tablet that is the closest to these specs:   10 to 11.6 inch screen Android 5.1 or above. Dual boot tablets (with ability to run Windows as well) are also okay At least 2 GB of RAM GPS SIM slot for 3G or 4G LTE Under $200 (if it is possible) or the closest option   I consider any brand, both well-known and lesser prominent, but the device should have at least some footprint, e.g. some reviews, so totally no-name options from Ali aren't a good option.
as the title says. I just want to ask if I have a dedicated or integrated graphics card and what is the difference? And also, what are your suggestions on:  Should I upgrade my RAM? or Should I upgrade my graphics card? Thank you!  Operating System: Windows 8.1 Pro 64-bit (6.3, Build 9600) (9600.winblue_ltsb.150715-0840)  Language: English (Regional Setting: English)   System Manufacturer: System manufacturer    System Model: System Product Name            BIOS: BIOS Date: 01/21/15 14:14:16 Ver: 07.02       Processor: AMD A8-6600K APU with Radeon(tm) HD Graphics    (4 CPUs), ~3.9GHz          Memory: 4096MB RAM Available OS Memory: 3016MB RAM       Page File: 1392MB used, 4695MB available     Windows Dir: C:\Windows DirectX Version: DirectX 11 DX Setup Parameters: Not found User DPI Setting: Using System DPI System DPI Setting: 96 DPI (100 percent) DWM DPI Scaling: Disabled  DxDiag Version: 6.03.9600.17415 64bit Unicode    Card name: AMD Radeon HD 8570D    Manufacturer: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.       Chip type: AMD Radeon HD 8570D (0x990E)        DAC type: Internal DAC(400MHz)     Device Type: Full Device      Device Key: Enum\PCI\VEN_1002&DEV_990E&SUBSYS_85261043&REV_00  Display Memory: 2294 MB  Dedicated Memory: 1014 MB   Shared Memory: 1280 MB    Current Mode: 1024 x 768 (32 bit) (60Hz)    Monitor Name: Generic PnP Monitor   Monitor Model: L1553S      Monitor Id: GSM3BB0     Native Mode: 1024 x 768(p) (60.004Hz)     Output Type: HD15
I have a Dell T7400 Workstation currently running on the following specs: Dual Intel Xeon E5410 @ 2.33 GHz 32 GB RAM Windows 10  The machine is working great but the processor and RAM performances are maxed out when I am rendering a complex After Effects composition. I'm considering to upgrade the processors but I have no idea how to know what processors are compatible with my machine. Do I just look for any processors that runs on the same socket " LGA771" , or there would be another criteria to judge upon.  Here are the full specs list for the Dell T7400 : http://www.dell.com/downloads/global/products/precn/en/precn_t7400_specsheet.pdf
It's been 8 years since I last bought a laptop, so I'm very rusty. I would like a laptop which has:   a 15'' monitor it's reliable (don't want to buy another one anytime soon!) it's lightweight it's a powerful computing enviroment: I like dabbling with machine learning and statistics (I use the open source language R). I have a powerful workstation at work, thus I don't have to do computationally intensive stuff at home too, but I sure would like to try it out now and then.  I haven't been playing for at least 10 years, but recently I've taken a liking to playing games on my smartphone (Samsung S6), so I was curious to come back to the gaming world and see how it is now.   I've been offered a Dell XPS 15 9550 laptop with high-end configuration: basically it's the 15'' Touch screen model (a touch screen on a laptop? sounds weird to me) with the 512 SSD hard disk (curious to see what difference this kind of HD makes with respect to the SATA I knew). It's nearly new (1 month), and I would pay it 1300 € (I live in a European country). Full warranty, etc. Since Dell site prices it at 2050$, it sounded like a good deal and I got a verbal agreement, but...an acquaintance told me that the graphics card is "crap" (his words) and that there are better options at the same price. He pointed me to this laptop. I apologize for the non-English link, but I couldn't find exactly the same laptop on the English HP site. This one seems the closest one, but note that it has an HD twice as big (!). Anyway, it's not necessary to focus on these two. I just want to know if the XPS 15 9550 Touch is a good laptop, given my requirements, and if not, which one would be a valid alternative.
To be clear: I haven't bought anything yet, so I figure this is a hardware recommendation question. The point is that I don't want to buy hardware with too much built-in obsolescence.  I'm looking at a replacement for some aging Drobos. I like the look of the small Synology 2.5in desktop (for reasons of space) and wondered if anyone had experience with them.  Specifically, I want to start out using 4x1Tb drives, and then when the price drops (assumption!) in 2-3 years time swap them out (gradually, 1 at a time over a week or so) for 2 or 3Tb drives.  I believe that Synology has SHR (?) that will let me do this, but that until all the drives have been replaced with larger drives the overall volume will remain at 4Tb.  Can anyone confirm that this is indeed the case? Are there any gotcha's I should know about?  Is Synology the way to go, or should I be looking at other hardware options?
How To Ask     Questions here get better answers when you…     …show us what you've done and why it hasn't worked for you   I've searched Pcpartpicker, newegg and amazon. The problem I'm having is making sure that the CPU I buy is the best option for my usage below. When I bought mine it was simple I just grabbed an i7 4790k and called it a day. Trying to budget build a PC for someone else with completely different needs than mine, its difficult to select the correct CPU out of all of the available options.      …list all your requirements for a single, specific piece of hardware   …avoid asking for technical support    I'm looking for a CPU for general office use, including facebook games.  I have no preference between Intel and AMD.   Integrated graphics   No preference between current gen and last gen   Under 100$ usd    Additional points I should clarify, and things I don't really need help with.    Going to use a micro ATX motherboard Already have a 500w evga PSU for the system Noise doesn't matter Would like to use stock cooling  Plan on having an ssd(m.2 or standard) and two 3.5 inch archive drives.  PC will be shut down nightly  No interest in Over clocking at all.  The most intensive thing this build will do is playback 1080p media from a remote plex server.      Based on a couple comments and answers so far, I think I might be worried a bit too much about what CPU to buy, it seems like anything a few years old and within my budget would be acceptable.
Please excuse me if this question is too vague or broad.  If necessary, I'll provide more details as I have them or withdraw the question.  I've been offered a new job as a C#/C++ programmer and the employer has generously offered to let me pick out my own computer.  I have some strong ideas on what I want, but it's been a long time since I've picked out a laptop.  Usually the employer just picks one and that is that.  I'm hoping someone can recommend a good model.  My non-negotiables:  1.  I want a laptop as I need to be portable.  BUT most of the time I'll be at a desk so I'd like a docking station and two monitors, keyboard, mouse.    2.  I'm sold on solid state drives.  I definitely need one or it needs to be the major drive.   Some other factors  1.  I'll be doing mostly C# programming (running Visual Studio). BUT I'll occasionally be doing some firmware programming (AVR) or debugging. 2.  Must be able to run Windows 10.     At my current job, I have a Lenovo W530.  The specs are:  Windows 7 64 bit    Intel Core I7-3740 QM CPU @2.76GHz    16 GB Ram    Samsung SSD 840 EVO 500GBytes    NVidia Quadr K100M Graphics AND    Intel HD Graphics 4000    Also, a docking station which is at work right now.  This works pretty well and perhaps it's the way to go?  Although it's 3+ years old so I'm sure there's better stuff out there.  My only complaints have been I've run out of disk space, and I've occasionally had problems on running out of memory (we have some memory hog programs).  Other than that, it's been pretty solid.  Any recommendations for a good laptop and docking station?    I'm sure there are questions such as 1) What kinds of graphics programs will it need to support or (2) exactly what kind of equipment will you be interfacing with.  I don't have the answers to those questions yet...    Thanks,  Dave
I am looking for the specified device. The use case is simple - I have an SSD-drive with linux and I use it both at home and at work. I'd prefer this to taking a notebook for different reasons, like low performace of mobile solutions, weight and so on.  The problem is that all mobile racks I saw have chips which are completely useless. I had a couple of them and both had lower performance then when the drive is connected directly.  So at the moment I connect the drive with a pair of SATA/SATA power cables, passed through the front panel of chasises.  But I'd like to make it more, let's say, fundamental.  What I am looking for is a rack without any logic, just direct connection to these two cables, no drivers, no anything. Sounds simple but I desperate to find it.  P.S. I live in Russia, so shipping to this country is required.
The razer blade stealth supports connecting 16x PCIe graphics card through the USB-C port with external graphics card bays such as the razer core. I'm looking for a PCIe bay (through the usb-c port) so that I can plug in a network interface card, to give my laptop a high-speed connection to a NAS. Does such a thing exist? It would only need to have 4 lanes, would not need to have the power cables necessary for a desktop graphics card, and would be cheaper than the razer core ($500).
I need a soundbar 30" or under that doesn't have low volume dialog problems often seen in low end 2 channel systems & TV's.  The smallest 3 Channel system I could find is the Vizio 3.0-Channel Soundbar with Bluetooth and Deep Bass Technology - Black SB3830-C6M which shouldn't have the problem but it's 38".  At minimum it just needs to have Digital SPDIF Input for I/O.  No additional external system components (sub-woofer, satellite speakers, etc).  The soundbar will be mounted right below the TV using a TV soundbar mounting bracket. The TV is on a wall mount.
First question for me on this site, lets see how it goes. So i have this motherboard. http://www.asus.com/UK/Motherboards/B150M-A/ Could someone recommend me a powerful graphics card, GTX1070 or something similar that would fit due to the fact my board is mini atx with 4 sata ports in use. What ones are there that will fit? If someone could find a powerful single case slot g card. Preferably Nvidia based Asus or MSI that would be great.
Request: I want a box which converts from HDMI or VGA to Component 480p without introducing noticeable lag.  Additional information which describes my situation:  I have a decent "Flat Glass" CRT SD TV which I believe supports 480p Component Input.  I recall playing SOCOM II on PS2 with component cables and enabling that mode.  Anyway, I have some older computers and laptops, and looking to use this old TV as a monitor for emulation.  I'm looking for a device or solution which would add minimal lag since I'm planning to do some GBA/SNES Emulation.  I'm open to outputting VGA from my laptop and converting that instead.  Sound isn't an issue, as I can just use the mini-jack for that.  Also, if important, I'm planning to use a Debian Linux based system, probably a version of Ubuntu.  Thanks in advance for any hardware ideas or solutions.
It seems that, in the pursuit of thinness, major manufacturers have stopped making laptops with quality keyboards and now they all give you a chiclet keyboard except on high end gaming laptops. That's unfortunate, because I plan to use my laptop to type a lot, not to touch the screen, and I'll need to carry it on my back for miles.  Please prove me wrong and tell me there's a laptop with a 6th generation Core i5/7 in it AND a quality keyboard AND which isn't a bulky gaming laptop.
I want to run a dual Xeon E5-2670 setup for my personal machine. I can't decide between the right motherboard for the system. My goal is too get as much processing power as possible for the lowest amount of money.  I'm considering:    Asrock Rack EP2C602 - but this is pricey  SuperMicro X9DRT-P LGA 2011/Dual Socket R - crazy form factor, not sure how to put it in a case ASUS Z9PE-D8 WS Dual LGA 2011 Intel C602  - Super Cheap, which is    scary   Advice?
I am looking for a single board computer with 2x1 GBit ethernet ports, on board.  Should come with SATA and/or USB 3.  Either x86 or ARM is ok, as long as it runs Linux.
I boot operating systems like Windows 10, Xubuntu and Remix OS from USB storage.  I bought myself a USB 3 flash drive and thought "Hey, this can do 100 MB/s, it must be awesome for booting an OS from." (I do have a USB 3 port on my computer.) Well, it did perform that way in tests, but booting operating systems from it was an absolutely terrible experience. Xubuntu/Remix OS worked (though were slow and crashed frequently.) Windows crashed before it had even booted properly.  "Why is this?" I thought to myself.  Someone who apparently knows what they are talking about, told me:     For an Windows operating system boot drive, 4K random read speeds are the most important, followed by 4K random write speed, this is because there are a large number of small files in the Windows system. The 4K read/write speeds of the common flash drives are always slow, so these drives are not suitable for creating W2G drive.   And the read/write speeds you said is sequential write read/write speed, not 4K random read/write speed, so it can't run Windows smoothly.   I also tried with an old mechanical drive I had lying around. It has only a fraction of the sequential read/write speed of the flash drive, but still, it works alright. Not as good as the internal HDD of my laptop, but still OK.  But, what I don't understand is: The advice I quoted above indicates that "4K random read/write speeds" are the key to performance. However, I tested both the flash drive and the old mechanical drive, and the flash drive seems to score better, even in this regard. (The relevant entries are "SanDisk" and "WD".)  Alright, so that was a lot of background information. I'm trying to let you in on what research I have done before posting the question. Now on to the question:  What is a good external (USB) HDD or SSD that will give optimal performance when booting operating systems off it?  Criteria:   Capacity should be 150 GB or more. The price should be 200 USD or less (13.400 INR). USB 3 Fast boot-time is a high priority. System performance is a very, very high priority. I live in India, so products available on Indian Amazon or Indian eBay are a huge plus.   It would be good if answers explained why the suggested product is a good choice.
I am trying to find what video cards support a quad monitor extended desktop in Xubuntu. I've been searching forums and help pages and can not find a definitive option for a video card in Xfce that works on 4,5 or 6 monitors. At a minimum I want to run 4 monitors.   Any recommendations on a card that works in this environment?
I'm looking for an decent quality UPS with a decent quality battery for a single Linux personal computer. So far, most power outages here have been very short--power lost for mere seconds--so I'm not concerned about continuous running on battery for even several minutes.  The monitor is always off since this is primarily accessed remotely from other boxes. The laser printer is usually on standby, and the PC is pretty much a standard desktop with two hard drives, a network card, and little else.  The ability for the PC to shutdown automatically would be nice, but it's not required since I expect the power to come back up long before the battery runs out.  What would be nice would be to know how long to expect the battery to last, and if it's worth replacing the battery for the inexpensive ones or just buy another cheap unit next year or the year after.  In the past, I've spent $10 on each of these after rebate; nowadays, the lowest price I'm seeing is close to $40-$50.
What is the most popular video game console that is legal to be modded and reverse engineered and preferably supported by Unity, Game Maker Studio or SDL2?
My current motherboard have failed bios update.  I got to change motherboard The important specs are  3.00 gigahertz Intel Core i7-3770 Gtx 1060 video card   The old motherboard is ECS H61H2-M12 1.0  I  need a motherboard with the same slot for video card intel core etc. I need something that will work right off the bat without bios update. I want the system to be used at it's optimum. For example, I wonder if the clock frequency of the motherboard should be the same with the clock frequency of the i7  The PC specs are the following  Windows 10 Professional (x64) (build 10240) Install Language: English (United States) System Locale: English (United States) Installed: 10/2/2015 2:25:25 PM Servicing Branch: Current Branch (CB) Boot Mode: BIOS (Secure Boot not supported)  Operating System  ECS H61H2-M12 1.0 Enclosure Type: Desktop  System Model  3.00 gigahertz Intel Core i7-3770 32 kilobyte primary memory cache 256 kilobyte secondary memory cache 6144 kilobyte tertiary memory cache 64-bit ready Multi-core (4 total) Not hyper-threaded  Processor a  Board: ECS H61H2-M12 1.0 Bus Clock: 400 megahertz BIOS: American Megatrends Inc. 4.6.4 10/27/2011  Main Circuit Board b  1755.58 Gigabytes Usable Hard Drive Capacity 525.79 Gigabytes Hard Drive Free Space  TSSTcorp CDDVDW SH-222BB [Optical drive]  Generic Flash Disk USB Device (8.05 GB) -- drive 3 ST1000DM003-9YN162 [Hard drive] (1000.20 GB) -- drive 0, s/n S1D0F680, rev CC4C, SMART Status: Healthy ST3500312CS [Hard drive] (500.11 GB) -- drive 2, s/n 5VVAE8XQ, rev SC13, SMART Status: Healthy TS256GSSD370 [Hard drive] (256.06 GB) -- drive 1, s/n B968689423, rev N1114B, SMART Status: Healthy  Drives  8170 Megabytes Usable Installed Memory   Other restrictions, I want popular ones  Can fit 16 GB memory. 4 sata port is fine.  I want cost effective. So it should be a good motherboard. Should be roomy enough unlike my  ECS H61H2-M12 1.0  If possible I want to know my memory frequency and pick a motherboard with the exact same frequency so no wasted power.  Also in indonesia the popular motherboard is either asus or gigabyte. Others are fine but please explain why.
my dad's computer broke recently and when he took it in for repair the guy said it was the motherboard and it was going to cost hundreds of pounds to get a replacement. It is an HP Pavillion P6-2280EA system a few years old.  I told him (perhaps a little overconfidently) that i could replace it much cheaper no problem. Now i have looked at the spec i am not so sure.  I am not that familiar with the uATX form factor. Isn't it pretty much the same thing as mATX or am i way off?  Can anyone recommend a decent and not too pricey replacement for this mobo?  This one looks pretty similar to me. Any thoughts on whether it would be a match?  Thanks
I'm looking for "NVIDIA Jetson TX1" module alternatives for 360 video capturing  main requirements - 3 or more 4 line mipi-csi with ability to transfer 4k from each camera and sata or 10g ethernet phy to transfer video to storage. Also size, weight and price should be minimal.  any suggestions?
My old graphics card (NVIDIA GTX 660 2GB) is broken. I'd like to buy a new one that is better than my old card.   My issue is :   My PC can't be turned on more than a second. It immediately turns off. When I removed my graphics card, it starts up normally. I have tried 3 other cards. Two of them are working fine and my computer turned on normally. The other one gives me problems like my old card. I haven't tried to change the PSU or have my friend try my old card yet.   My current spec:   Intel i3 Processor ASUS H81M-C motherboard Corsair 2x 4GB RAM ASUS NVDIA GTX 660 VGA Card Enermax 500W PSU   The graphics card I'm looking for:   NVIDIA GeForce (any manufacturer, preferably well-known one) Better than current card (Higher than GTX 660) Minimum of 4GB Reasonably Priced (My budget $250-$300) Long lasting (not giving much problem such as overheat, fan problem, noise, etc if I run my PC overnight for days)   I will be using this card primarily for gaming and video editing purposes.
I'm needing to print, on-demand (or relatively so), a few dozen ID badges and/or hard/transparent "business card" or "gift card"-like cards.  Ideally, they should be full-color and fairly durable as they will be intended to be worn often.  They won't need magnetic strips or chips, just any sort of hard plastic card-shaped thing that can be printed on in relatively high detail; they'll be for visual identification only, with a barcode at most.  Google searches seem to give services that do bulk printing of cards, or expensive enterprise-level card writers that encode magnetic strips or chips in addition to printing.  I just want to be able to print on hard plastic surfaces, ideally spending less than $1000 on the hardware.  I'm sure there's a solution somewhere, but can't seem to find it.
Someone gave me an older DELL Precision 390. It has an ATI FireGL V7600. I'm looking for a replacement because it gets really hot really fast and its fan is very noisy. I need something one the cheaper side and that doesn't use a lot of power. I not looking for something super powerful, I just need to be able to use Sketchup seamlessly.  I was thinking about going with a XFX HD 6000 Radeon HD 6450.
Out of all the computers, I've built I've always used a separate hard disk drive or solid state drive to separate the contents of the operating system and the user files. However, eventually somehow someway user folders even not knowingly will have content on the operating system drive. Throughout the years, I've discovered little tricks to OPT content out of that drive such as switching all download directories. Automatic downloads to certain drives. So I was wondering, have anyone found a for sure thing that works or, just nit pick things that will improve the chances of nothing ending up on that drive. Also, the operating system is mainly Windows. More specifically Windows 10.
I have a pretty old HDD with IDE cables, and a relatively new motherboard (ASRock 970 extreme4) with only SATA inputs. Is there an adapter or device that will allow me to connect the old IDE HDD directly to the new SATA motherboard?
I'm trying to build the specs for a workstation which will serve as a programming environment for a student. I will use the set of specs to build 30 workstations eventually connected to a main server. I will give you the requirements and what I have in mind as a starting point.  Requirements: they are programming in codeblocks. that's it. No more, no less. Basic algorithms, graphs, backtracking, etc. The programming language used is a subset of C++. So what is needed is a graphical environment where they can write, compile, debug, and run their programs. I am thinking, an X session + codeblocks is all that is needed, disregarding for the moment the entire set of build tools which I can safely ignore for now.  What have I thought about until now: Raspberry Pi 3 or a BeagleBoard. I must stay cheap because the budget is low. I can go up to $2,000. But I don't want to pay a higher price later for initially being too cheap.   Which product - the Raspberry Pi3 (cheaper) or the BeagleBoard (better?) - will satisfy my requirements?  If none of the above:  note: the $2k budget is for "the box" only, not including displays, keyboards, and mice. I could go up with few bucks if the solution totally satisfies the requirements. Every time I will be buying a device to test, my budget will go lower.  Please note that I am in Romania, and the price of the rPi3 is roughly $55 here. The $2000 budget is for all 30 devices.
I have been looking to buy a gaming laptop from the past two months. I only found out now that nVidia GTX 1000 series laptops are much better than 900 series ones. I am new to gaming and want to buy my first ever gaming laptop. I need a laptop for sure, not a desktop for portability reasons. However for the most part I will use it in plugged mode, so battery life isn't a huge issue.   Coming to the main point, my budget is around $1500 and I want a 15-15.6 inch screen laptop only. And also the laptop that I will be taking will have a resolution not greater than FHD, so considering that, I think going with a GTX 1060 card is a better option as GTX 1070 or 1080 are only better than 1060 if I plan to play games at a higher resolution. So for FHD, GTX 1060 is more than enough(correct me if I am wrong, I am basing my priority over a 1060 laptop based on this fact/opinion). I'll also look favourably on any laptops that are likely to have deals available (considering the upcoming Black Friday). So which laptops do you suggest?  Thanks
I'm travelling sometimes and want a cheap mp3 player that can read a really large external memory source, ie a big micro sd / sd card slot (say 200gb or greater) or has a usb socket that can host flash drives (I already have a 256gb one that I could use).    I don't have any interest in high end features and amazing audio quality, just something fairly stable that is usable with a large music database.   If it was really cheap and a bit nasty with a bad interface I'd put up with that, IF it allows a really big external music source to connect to it.  The only players I've found that support say 200gb sized micro sd cards are the expensive fiio players which are way more than I want to spend.   I'm not actually sure if any mp3 players can host a usb device, it's just something I'd like to think exists but maybe it doesn't.  Anyone know of any players that meet this spec ?   Oh and to clarify, ideally I want something small, ie "mp3 player" size.
For a more complex project I need to process the video input of 8 to 12 cameras at the same time on a single computer but each with a rather low resolution (probably 480p). Those cameras could either be simple USB cameras or ones with analogue output so some converter is required.  The actual processing should happen through a self written program in C++.  The focus is on low cost for the setup (without the computer) and if possible, low latency as well.  So far I thought to use simple, cheap USB consumer webcams. Would that be the best way?  There are all kinds of camera modules Alibaba and similar shops like this one: http://www.banggood.com/Eachine-Falcon-250-13-CMOS-700TVL-110-Degree-FPV-Camera-p-1040713.html However, I couldn't find a proper way to connect multiple of them to a PC to process the analogue signal digitally.  Huge thanks in advance!
I'm having the Card Type : AirPort Extreme  (0x14E4, 0xF5) which support 802.11 a/b/g/n, but this is not enough for me. As my new router is WRT 1900 ac (Linksys) and it is using the new technology 802.11 ac. I'd like to use it, but my computer doesn't support it.  My computer is a MacBook Pro (13-inch, Mid 2012), and I'd like to change my Card Type (Apple Airport Extreme) to obtain the one which support 802.11ac. Could anyone is able to tell me what sort of card type do I have to buy and what is the price.
I am a software developer. I am facing difficulties in finding a karaoke machine with software development kit(SDK). Kindly advice me. Thanks in advance.
We have a telecommuting employee who will be using an 802.3af-compliant IP phone at her desk, but she doesn't sit close to her router. In the past, we gave these types of employees a 802.3af POE injector and had them plug the other end into the LAN port on their laptop, and share the laptop's Wi-Fi connection. This works, but it isn't ideal because (1) the phone only works if the computer is on, and (2) when Windows 10 installs updates it sometimes messes up the connection and we have to reconfigure it.  I would love to use a wireless PSE like Ubiquiti's AirGateway with this injector to provide a reliable Wi-Fi connection and POE to the phone in one brick (they snap together, so it looks like one brick to the end user). I actually have a spare one of these at home that I have configured as a bridge; they're just really reliable. However, none of Ubiquiti's stuff is 802.3af-compliant, so it won't power the phone.  So, has anyone else made a 802.3af-compliant PSE that can be configured as a wireless bridge?  Yes, I could use my usual 802.3af injector and connect it to a range extender that includes an Ethernet port like this one, and that's probably what I'll do if I can't find a single-brick solution. This question is just looking at single-brick solutions for aesthetic reasons: the home users don't want a lot of clutter and extra devices just to get a phone to work. So the best answer here is the one that provides POE and WiFi access to the phone with the least amount of clutter.
I'm looking for the "Apple Airport Extreme Card 802.11ac", but I'm not sure if it exists, as I haven't been successful at finding it on my own.  Could anyone be able to tell me if such card exists for MacBook Pro (13-inch, Mid 2012)?
The mouse will have to have thumb button.  It must have a button like logitech mouse that can switch between computers  It's scrolling button must be clickable as middle button.  I prefer a touch screen like mac mouse actually.  Price up to $200  Basically I want something like  https://www.tokopedia.com/catalog/50361/logitech-mx-anywhere-2  I have big problem with it's middle button. I can't have middle button. The scrolling wheel doesn't work as middle button. The scrolling wheel act as a switch between smooth scrolling and something, which I totally do not need.  Also it's too expensive.  I want simpler mouse for mom. I sort of like  It seems that many high end logitech mouse has a stupid feature (I don't know what's the name). Basically the wheel has 2 mode. Free scroll and fine scrolling. So the wheel button doesn't work. The button behind the wheel works as a way to switch between fine scrolling and free scrolling. I hate that feature. I am happy with normal free scrolling and prefer middle button instead.
I'd like to deploy a set of cheap servers across town.  I need to run LAMP stack or Java, with 1GB of RAM being 100% enough, but multi-core CPU would be a plus.  I'd need Ethernet Port on it a and Flash Drive only regarding peripherals.  I think the best solution would be a board with the box where there's only what I need (CPU, RAM, Flash Drive, Ethernet), with no need for WiFi, HDMI, Audio etc.  I have reviewed number of products like Raspberry PI and clones and I am not sure if this is suitable to run LAMP stack and Java. I've seen that Java is already available (JDK7) for Raspberry PI.  Stability of operation is important, the working conditions are normal home conditions (heating, low humidity).  The security is also important so that I can load updates to it over next 5 years.  Do you know any user-friendly product top off you head? I think something like low-end Pentium or i3 would be totally cool, if I can buy Chromebook like that for £100, then I should be able to buy server for £50, but I can't find any...
So far I do love all the Raspberry Pi's I have laying around at home (1, 2, 3 and 2 Zeros) but I've decided to build my own little cloud at home.  Since the Raspberries lack USB 3 and a Gigabit port it's not going to be the best option for this task. My internet speed at home may not be the greatest but when I'm at home trying to transfer files I do indeed want the full capability of 1 GBit/s.  So I want an alternative with...   Gigabit Port USB 3.0 (optional) SATA (optional) x86 based processor for Windows under or slightly above 100€ (or $)   Any recommendations? I've already googled a bit but I haven't found a good alternative yet. Thanks in advance!
I am a softie, with little understanding of hardware.  I want to develop a vending machine controller, as cheaply as possible, while still being functional. I don’t expect heavy CPU or RAM usage.  To be compatible with standard peripherals, such as coin & note changers, it must have a URT. I guess that I just use a USB to UATR converter? Is that best/cheapest/are there any alternatives?  It will also need to drive some motors to expel the vended goods, and will have a keypad for ordering and a display (which display probably depends on price), and possibly a sensor to determine that items actually drop. Does this mean GPIO pins?  I would like to add wifi, for diagnostics, retrieval of sales data, upload of new firmware to the machine, and, in future, I might like to add RJ45.  Can anyone advise me what is the best way to go? Do I just take a Pi Zero and start adding shields, or is there a better suited model/peripheral combination? Sorry to be so dense.
Since I have my standing desk, I wonder what the best mouse type is to use while working standing.  I mostly use a vertical mouse but I am starting to doubt it now as you can't lean your elbow. That's why I was thinking of getting a trackball mouse (don't mind a good investment if it benefits my health) or maybe just a regular mouse.  What would be the best from an ergonomic point of view? (to reduce/avoid RSI)  Thank you
i am going to buy an Xbox One S next week. Now i found myself searching for a new screen. I prefer screens smaller than 30". Since the XBOX ONE S supports 4k resolution i want to buy a screen with that resolution. My day long google serach didnt result in any good screens. So i am asking you:  Do you know about good 4k gaming screens?  Do you know about 4k gaming screens, smaller than 30" that support HDR?
I am wondering which Ultrabook should I choose.   Lenovo Ideapad 500s-13 i5-6200U/8GB/240SSD GF920M - Ram DDR3 Lenovo 510S i5-6200U 16GB 120SSD R5M430 - Ram DDR4   I would have to pay 10% more for the second one. I will be using it mostly for work, studying. For example photoshop, Android Studio, maybe some lite 3D work.  What do you think? :)
The D-Link product is no longer manufactured. I'm aware of software products such as NAS4Free; I'd rather have a complete solution that doesn't involve acquiring more than one product. Raid 1; ability to work with Boxee Box; 2, preferably 3 TBytes per spindle. You'd be right if you've guessed that I pinch pennies. I've tried searching using terms including sharecenter comparison and sharecenter alternative.   Even if you can help me by suggesting other search terms I'd appreciate that.
I'm looking to buy a new laptop used mainly for heavy programming and needs to be able to play HD videos without trouble.  As far as I was able to find (and I'm open to better suggestions), I have the following requirements:   Budget: ~$1000 intel i5 CPU (HQ vs U? what do i really need?) display: 15+ in; Full HD (1920x1080) RAM: 8+ GB Storage: 1 TB HDD   One important thing to add is that I already have a 250 GB SSD that i would like to install in the new laptop (SSD where the HDD is, and the HDD + adapter instead of the DVD drive, for example). Any recommendations are welcome.  I just don't know much about these things so I can't make an educated decision. Any recommendations are welcome.
A few years ago I bought a hp ProBook 6470b. It had decent specs, and looked pretty cool. I've been running Linux on the machine for quite a while now, and have started to notice some slowdowns. The laptop came with 4Gb which I think needs an upgrade. I found one ram stick (4Gb) online, from Crucial, and wonder if they will go along together, and if i need to consider anything else before buying.  Picture of the memory inside the computer.
I'm waiting for delivery of a Supermicro X10SRi-F board, which takes a narrow ILM cooler. I don't yet have a cooler. I don't want to go for water-cooling for this board and there isn't server-style forced airflow, so it'll have to be an air cooler > 135 TDP.  I've found about 3 or 4 narrow ILM coolers around (Dynatron R14, Noctua D9DX/U9DX/U12DX, and Supermicro SNK-P0050AP4) but I can't see clearly how they physically fit and what their orientation would be on the board, so I'm stuck.  I'm trying to ensure (1) that the cooler has its airflow towards the back of the case (with a consumer-ATX style layout with sockets at the back), and (2) that I can use all 8 RAM slots without being limited to just brands with ultra-low profile modules.  I'd like it quiet-ish but I can always buy an aftermarket fan so that's not a huge limit, but I'd prefer to avoid the Dynatron for that reason.  From online photos of the board, it looks like there's about 86-88mm between the RAM slots closest to the cooler (not 100% sure but I think so). I might be able to squeeze another couple of mm by slight cooler modding at the edges, if nothing else is better. I definitely prefer a quiet machine but don't need it silent.  Which cooler should I buy?
I am willing to build my very first computer.  This is the build I was thinking about:   Intel Core i7 6700K Gigabyte GA-Z170X-Gaming 5-EU Corsair Hydro H60 CW-9060007-WW EVGA GeForce GTX 1060 3GB SC GAMING 1835MHz Boost Clock Crucial CT2K8G4DFD8213 Memoria RAM da 16 GB, DDR4 NZXT S340 Mid Tower Case CA-S340W-W1 Sandisk Ultra II SSD 240GB, 1TB WD HDD Windows 10, maybe Linux   I am looking for a power supply that will work with this build. I am thinking of the Corsair CS550M 550W Black power supply.   Is there a viable alternative that    Meets my power requirements? (I believe the 550W is enough, correct?) Costs about $80 Is energy efficient Is modular (optional, but nice to have)
I am choosing Wi-Fi adapter for my PC, the mo-bo is Asus z170 gaming pro and wonder which card to choose or whether go with nano usb stick like TP-Link TL-WN725N nano. I'll be sitting in the same room that roter is. I'm not sure whether it's better to go with PCI-E extension card or usb stick. What road (usb/pci-e) and what specific device would you reccomend?  edit:  I use PC daily for work and gaming (so the ping counts), which equates to around 50 GB of transfer monthly. The budget is 50$ but I really do not want to spend more than 10$ for fancy radiators and additional antenas if it is not going to provide any benefit.
Hoping to find a laptop that can drive an external 4k monitor. I actually don't need it for gaming. I just have a 43" tv mounted above my desk and I want to take advantage of the real estate (e.g. open a lot of documents at once). Unfortunately, most laptops don't specify the max external resolution. For example, this one:  https://www.microsoftstore.com/store/msusa/en_US/pdp/Lenovo-Z50-75-Signature-Edition-Laptop/productID.2740240000?tduid=(59f623e84acc587526a4aad32faec6e0)(256380)(2459594)(rtNvgWs52OI-h4mz.t3J1Y5mFvpGm_15Dw)()  and this one:  http://www.dell.com/us/business/p/inspiron-17-5759-laptop/pd?oc=cai175w7ph2404c2&dgc=BF&cid=22740&lid=4279737&acd=12309198376456750&ven1=12715229-934410-&ven3=570802990891566004  Or another recommendation (in the low price range)?
I have been reading about NFC and was wondering If it was possible to make a NFC scanner antenna to read NFC signals from a further distance. I do understand that the N in NFC stands for Near that's why I'm asking if its possible.  I have read a few articles and this one seems the best. It is a study around capturing NFC data and they have also made a YouTube video about this. I intend to do something similar but they don't describe the hardware to well.  If someone knows what I need or a better solution please let me know. As in this article they want it to be relatively cheap and small and this is what I want to. I would appreciate if you include the scanner and antenna details if you recommend equipment.
I'm looking to find a Bluetooth 2D Barcode scanner. I work at a local schoolboard and we receive shipments of Chromebooks for student use, so we have to tag and inventory each unit by inventory number and serial number.  The boxes have a QR code (which contains the serial number) and we place a standard UPC barcode on them. I've been using an Android phone to scan these, but it takes more time than a scanner usually does (focusing camera, etc).  I just have four requirements:   Reads QR and standard barcodes (UPC). Datamatrix codes would be nice too, but necessary. Uses bluetooth, not a 2.4Ghz receiver. Under $250 Easy to read instructions, in English.   I had found this scanner, but when we went to order it, it became unavailable. So, now I'm on the hunt for a new one and thought I'd ask here.
I have a MacBook Pro (13-inch, Mid 2012), and I'd like to speed up my computer. To do this, I'd like to change my Hard Drive for an SSD (with approximately 500 GB memory). I thought buying an SSD PCI Express (those used at Apple), but I don't know if this what is best.  Question : Could anyone be able to suggest me a very good SSD for my computer?   Question : What is the better choice between an SSD PCI Express and the OWC 480GB Mercury Extreme® Pro 6G SSD 2.5" Serial-ATA 7mm Solid State Drive ?
I have a MacBook Pro (13-inch, Mid 2012), and I'd like to speed up my computer. To do this, I'd like to change my Hard Drive for an SSD (with approximately 500 GB memory). I thought buying an SSD PCI Express (those used at Apple), but I don't know if this what is best.  Question : Could anyone be able to suggest me a very good SSD for my computer?   Question : What is the better choice between an SSD PCI Express and the OWC 480GB Mercury Extreme® Pro 6G SSD 2.5" Serial-ATA 7mm Solid State Drive ?
I recently bought a GTX 1080 Founders Edition that I'm connecting to an ASUS ATX ROG STRIX X99 Gaming Board. I've heard that the new Intel i7 Processor would a good buy, but are there any other good gaming processors that would go well with my current equipment?
Old-school night vision uses image intensifiers, which are analog photon multipliers, and which are either really crumby (Gen 1/2, which can be under $1000/tube) or really expensive (Gen 3/4 &ndash; $3000-$8000 per tube).  Modern CCD sensors without infrared filters (a.k.a. "digital night vision") outperform Gen 2 image intensifiers for a base cost on the order of $100.  I can find all sort of digital night vision cameras/scopes, but none offering 1x magnification and adaptable for head/helmet-mounting.  This is exactly what one would want for navigating or stalking game at night.  I must be missing something though, because there are plenty of digital monocles with significant optical magnification in the low 3-figure range, and plenty of head-mounted image intensifiers.  So: Looking for a head-mountable digital night-vision monocle, suitable for navigation (i.e., not significantly magnifying) that outperforms second generation image intensifiers.    Amendment: Note that this is not a big ask.  One could almost build it from off-the-shelf parts:   4k day/night IP security camera ($100-200) HD eyepiece (i.e., half of a pair of ~$200 video eyeglasses) Infrared illuminator (up to $150)   Actually, if someone knows of a clever interface for an IP camera to video eyeglasses then it just becomes a matter of finding a camera with the right field of view, and ideally some convenient way to digitally zoom the image in either the glasses or the camera.
I'm looking for an HBA with write caching, and data loss protection for the cache, that's suitable for FreeNAS. The disks will mainly be writing/sync, so fast write response is useful.  Its easy to find RAID cards with write caching but ZFS really needs sight of the original disk, so a lot of pages recommend an HBA, or at worst, a RAID card with its onboard RAID disabled or not in use.  LSI MegaRAID cards are said to be doubtful even used this way, because they obscure too much low level info about the disk from ZFS;   I don't know if this issue affects all RAID cards or just LSI-based ones.  I don't mind if ZFS has very slight limitations (for example if it can't read SMART or needs a reboot to swap a failed drive) as long as basically it will work properly for data, and the card provides ZFS with fast write-back cache acceleration of drive writes that's protected against power loss. Some pages suggest that if that's acceptable, MegaRAID might be viable after all. But I don't know what else might be affected.  So what I think I'm after is either (1) an HBA rather than a RAID card, or at worst (2) a RAID card with true HBA mode as well as RAID, or (3) any controller card that can handle JBOD well enough that ZFS will be happy anyway.   My criteria are:  OS compatibility:   Compatible with FreeBSD/FreeNAS. Gives a "good enough" view to the OS of the actual disks that ZFS will be happy and not have data safety issues with it.   Hardware spec:   PCIe v2/v3 x4/x8 with "normal" PCIe connector. Either 2GB or 4GB of cache, ideally flash backed DDR for durability (of nvram, data retention after power failure, and no battery replacement every 3 years) but battery would be Ok if not.  Not locked to a specific motherboard or family (I don't know if cards are sometimes locked to their manufacturer's motherboards but if so its not workable for me). Reliable brand/chips/firmware/drivers  Fast, accepting and acknowledging writes to cache at least around 90k IOPS and 800 MB/s, and ideally if possible closer to 200k and 1.5-2.5 GB/s (multiple 10G NICs). Doesn't have to be a current product as I plan to buy 2nd hand on EBay if possible, but probably won't be too many years old because of other requirements. My guess is "good for the time" 2007 or later. Not sure if age means the supercap/battery is dubious and buy an older card + new supercap/battery. Not too fussy whether SAS or SATA, ideally SAS 12gb/s and 8 internal ports but this is flexible. Widely used or sold may help to keep price down and availability up. Rather obviously, write caching not disabled in HBA mode if relevant, and will play nicely with ZFS (doesn't 'hide' the disk itself or at least doesn't hide it too much)   I've tried to look online. Suggestions I've seen mentioned are:   MegaRAID with multiple single disks, and accept the limitations on SMART/hot swapping (and hope it works otherwise?) Maybe some of the HP Smart Array controllers (but which?). This might be the most promising, I can see many on EBay and separately, fbwc modules for sale as well. But are they just rebadged LSI controllers and will any of them be OK for the platform and ZFS, and meet my needs? Maybe a native HBA or a RAID controller with a good HBA mode that has flash backed ram write cache (fbwc) but can't find details of any such models.   Can anyone recommend a suitable card - or at least card family - that would do this? Multiple possibilities would help in case availability varies.
I have two Self Encrypting Drive (SED) and I'm using Debian as my main Operating System.  My current motherboard (ASUS M5A97 R2.0) is GNU/Linux compatible (I had hard time to find a GNU/Linux compatible motherboard) but don't have any option in the BIOS to set ATA passwords for my SEDs, so I can't use the built-in encryption of my drives.  The motherboard should (be) :   AMD compatible (AM3+) GNU/Linux and Windows compatible Have built-in support for Self Encrypting Drives ATX form factor   TPM support and others functionalities of current motherboards would be appreciated.
Can anyone give me advice on a good mechanical keyboard? It's a present for my girlfriend, so i don't know much about them. Probably used for a 50/50 mix of gaming and typing. Would really like one with RGB back lighting.  Budget ~$200 USD  Appreciate any help.
I am looking for a colour LED or Laser printer for home use.  Important:   Reasonable photo quality (I understand lasers don't have great performance here, but for instance one of the Brother LED printers gets reasonable critique). Duplex printing. WiFi. £200 or less.   Nice:   Scanner would be nice, does not have to have automatic feed (ADF). LED rather than a laser printer would be ideal, but not essential. Ideally not too large. Printing from mobile supported (via WiFi).   I like the Brother DCP-9020CDW (also here) or its little "Brother" (I'm assuming the only difference is the ADF?), but they are somewhat big and heavy (~20kg!). Any ideas? Thank you.
I'm seeking a recommendation for a USB 3.x SuperSpeed hub with the following features:   USB-IF USB 3.x SuperSpeed certified. If it's certified and it doesn't work well, it's probably no fault of the hub. Self-powered: I prefer self-powered hubs because they can source more current and seem to operate more reliably than those that are bus-powered. 4-12 ports. Fewer and the hub isn't very useful, more and the hub is too large. Under $200.   I'm struggling with finding a certified hub. I purchased an AmazonBasics 10 Port USB 3.0 Hub and it works very poorly. Because it's not certified and I haven't purchased a second hub yet, I don't know if the issue is unique to the hub. Regardless, I would prefer a well tested hub that's gone through the trouble of compliance testing.  This Belkin hub says it's certified in the name but I don't see the SuperSpeed certified logo and it also seems to be unavailable on both Amazon and the Belkin website.
I have some parallelized codes. The codes on my machine Intel Xeon CPU E3-1270 v3 @ 3.5GHz, reduce from 9 hours when non parallelized to 1.37 hours when parallelized. This is a huge gain from a 4 cores dual thread machine.   Now I am looking to buy a server with many many cores, that I can use almost straight from the box (without having to change the way my codes are written). There seems to be a tradeoff between core GHz and number of cores.   I do not really have a budget but I am assuming one can look to things between 1.000gbp - 6.000gbp.  What is the best price to value I can get?
I am looking for a microprocessor (Arduino, Raspberry pi, etc..) that can connect to the internet. Currently I am using a Photon by particle. This small device allows me to connect the the internet and use their server to do some pretty cool things. However, it is too expensive. I am trying to make a prototype for a product and the Photon is $19. I am looking for something that is significantly cheaper and can be powered by batteries.   Is there a cheap microprocessor that can connect to the internet via WiFi, control LEDs, and be powered by batteries?
I am thinking of buying powerline wifi extension.  I want those that have only 1 transmiter, will be located near my main modem.  I want to buy a few receivers.  So I want to avoid "pairs". The wifi would get signal from one and several  Last requirement is wifi support.  At least on the receivers one. All receivers must be able to communicate via wifi. That way I effectively have mini routers in each room.  Is this even possible?  Hard to say price range. I would say mid range. Common. Normal. I don't need super high end. Cost effective.  If there are several I want to know them all.  Let me clarify what I want  Say I want to power 10 rooms that are all far away from my main router. Does that mean I would need 20 devices? I like the one where I have 11 devices. One transmiter near my main router, and 10 receivers.  This powerline adaptor is like wifi router right? Except that their signals travel through powerline instead of through air.  If I weren't using powerline adaptor, if I use a bunch of wifi repeater, I would only need 10 devices. Can I do this with only 10 or 11 power line adapters?  $100-$200 dollar per room. I don't expect that much though. I need something cost effective. So if a $20 stuff will work, you need to give me a good reason why I should pay $150. Not exactly cheap but not spendthrift either – Jim Thio 1 min ago   edit    8 nodes should be enough. So one node near my main wifi. The other nodes should be on various rooms.
As the title states, I am planning to make a cluster to donate its processing power to boinc. I am looking for a equally powerful or even more powerful board that costs less than the raspberry pi 2/3. I want it to be compatible with Gridcoin Wallet. I also want to run Raspbian/Debian on the boards.  To sum everything up,   A computer that's more/equivalant in terms of power with the RPi 2/3 but cheaper. Amazon UK links are appreciated, you can send me eBay UK links if there are any special offers. I want it to be new NOT USED. The computer shouldn't have unnecessary features like built in wifi, if the board has it, then it's fine. The computer should be able to run Gridcoin Wallet and can be able to run on Debian/Raspbian   Hopefully that sums it all up...  Any help or suggestions are much appreciated!  Many thanks!  Sid
Regarding of the extreme slowness of the computer with whom I work, and saw that I'd like to use the laptop for personal purposes, I was thinking of buying a laptop suited to programming.  I can keep a big-budget (1500 €) but I want a PC that allows me to not have any kind of slowdown and speed of compilation / execution of programs for the next 5 years. Consequently, the PC must be suitable for programming and last long.  Traveling a lot, if it were light it would be great.  You who would you recommend with these requirements?  Europe market (Italy) / last quarter 2016
I don't know why I'm still trying to retouch photos on a 1080p monitor when I can double my screen space for around $500.  The bar is not high, since I'm upgrading my primary from a Samsung SyncMaster 2343.  Since I'm happy with my current pixel pitch where I mount my current monitor I assume I should be looking for a 43" to 50" diagonal UHD.  I'll be running it for now off of my HDMI out.  I'm not a gamer, and this computer is not my home theater.  The only particular feature that matters for photo editing is color calibration and uniformity.  What are my best options?
I'd like to know if anyone knows of a decent, internet-connected alarm and access control system with modern software, possibly cloud-based or hybrid (on-site controller but it in turn talks to the cloud).  Requirements:   good-looking and easy to use client software, web-based if possible excellent security and frequent updates, no backdoors nor hardcoded passwords works over IP and the Internet remote or cloud-based management motion-triggered alarm access control based on secure keycards (Mifare DESFire or equivalent crypto) should scale to hundreds of doors locks and motion sensors should not be like designed by idiots like some alarm systems currently in use   Price isn't an issue, I'm happy to pay good money for a reliable and future-proof system.
So.. I'm building my very first gaming setup and so far it seems like it is really good and it will get the work done. I'm here seeking for suggestions from people who actually know about this. Will this run actual games in ultra? Maybe you can suggest me better fans to improve the default ones (quiter is better) Also, I'm using just one SSD, I see some people use two, why?  Check the build on PCPartPicker or Amazon
I am looking for an external enclosure that meets the following specs:   2.5" drive support is nominal, but 3.5" will work as adapters are readily available. SATA III to USB 3.0. 2 to 3 bay. Price under $100 USD. Has on-board RAID hardware with options for RAID0, JBOD, etc. If possible, fans that can be replaced without requiring disassembly of the entire unit if actively cooled Would prefer units with low failure rates.   RAID options are not my main focus at present but some options will help in the near future.    As I have been told, the places I have looked for reviews are opinion based, not objective.
My laptop recently broke. Now I need to buy a new one before Christmas ends or more preferably before the end of next week.  My requirements and hopes: RAM: - 8GB OF RAM upgradable to 16 HARD DRIVE AND OPTICAL DISK: - 1TB HDD 5400RPM - Any read+write ODD CPU: - AN I7 new gen; 5th-7th - A 2.1 - 3.0 GHZ CLOCK 4 CORES SCREEN & GPU/APU/IPU: - 1080P - Either AMD (4GB) or an IPU - 15.6"   COMPANY + OTHER - DELL - INSPIRON - 500 - 750 / 650 - 750 US DOLLARS  I have found the following:  http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=9SIA3FA3Z96648 CPU : I7 (2.50GHZ, 6THGEN, DUAL) SCRN  :  TOUCH 1080P FHD 15.6" RAM    :    8GB DDR3L (UP TO 16) 1600 HDD    : 1TB 5400RPM SATA ODD    : DVD±R/RW GPU    : 4GB AMD RADEON R5M335 MDL : DELL INSPIRON 15 5559  My only problem is that this is dual core. My last laptop was 4 core which I thought was low but then adjusted to, got hot a lot.  My tasks:   Compile + edit with Maven. I have a near 300MB project so the PC got heated when I compiled. Play and run a minecraft server (same time). It has about 3 players on most of the time; but can go up to six (obviously more if I wanted)   Play TF2.   Video edit in Sony Vegas   Run Adobe Photoshop, both CS2 and the connected CC   Do a lot of homework (shouldn't be hard)   Run discord and Skype almost all the time   Occasionally Run Virtual Machines (XP,98,3.1,DOS 7.1)   Run dual boot (Ubuntu,Steam OS etc as well as Hackintosh (barely))   Download huge files (4-10GB) via Ethernet.   Will all of these tasks run smoothly in a dual core build? If not, are there any better dell inspiron laptops that will suit my needs?
I am building a PC with AMD FX 6300. Frankly i do not know most of the parts but as my computer hardware person said the basic pc is going to be built till 23000 INR. My pc will have 1 TB WD HDD, 8GB Ram and power cooler fan. I want a Graphics card which is best for playing almost all games either to play on low or mid settings. My budget is 14000 INR and do not know much about a graphics card results.  Can anyone suggest me what to buy? Side note: I have a LG 700 sxga monitor having 1024x768 resolution. I want a good graphics card and not a graphics card that will be best for my situation.  Updated: In USD my budget is 195. I want a GDDR5 gpu!!
For a special task of an application development, I'm looking for a graphics card with at-least two independently monitor-plugable HDMI outputs. It also must support at-least three monitors simultaneously. I'll use one of the HDMI ports to output some video-overlay graphics and with the other one, the associated alpha channel will be transmitted. The third display port will be used for displaying the UI to the user.  Currently the application is targeting the SDTV display mode (720x576@50Hz), thus the HDMI ports must support that mode, and the other denser HDTV display modes for the next versions! (however, the denser display modes are most probably supported!!)  Any recommendations for either robust and/or regular models is truly appreciated.  Thank you in advance :)
I am looking at purchasing a new computer within the next few months, for use in work applications. I am an IT project manager (read groupie for programmers/DBAs/engineers), and have multiple clients with different needs. I need to be able to compile with Visual Studio 2015, maintain like 40 browser tabs across multiple instances simultaneously, run multiple instances of Excel, Access, and SQL Server each at once (Office 365/2016), Outlook, Project, Remote Desktop Connection, sandbox MS IIS, and similar productivity stuff. I will need to stick with Windows 10.   Currently, I just use the HDMI port to output to an LCD TV. I would probably continue that practice, but I assume VGA and DVI cords would work just as well on this and similar screens. I only use one screen right now, but I really should have multiple video output ports for future use. I also use a cheap USB wireless mouse/keyboard. I have a preference for 1) maintaining wireless, and 2) not paying for another mouse/keyboard. I seldom (3-4x/month) use USB, and doubt I would use more than 1 (besides my mouse/keyboard) at a time. I would like to have a CD-ROM (writable) drive, partially because I miss my cup holder, but I also get CDs about 5x/year.   I would like to have the option to be able to run additional OSs in order to replicate user environments at some point, and a virtual environment would be useful for other reasons. Neither would be common occurrences.   I plan to pay my ISP (once I am set up) to allow me to log into this machine remotely with one of my laptops, so I can still use it for processing and file serving while on site at a client. I am not a networking guy, and SE will undoubtedly be helping me to get that set up. I care little for the actual display quality during such a setup, but I will need to be able to open multiple very large (150x1,000,000) size spreadsheets, and do sort/filter on that data, displaying the result through remote desktop to my laptop. Probably nothing more intensive during the remote connection.   Building the computer myself would be cool, but that is about where the benefit for that (probably) ends. I remember installing a second 5.25 floppy drive on my first computer, and later an entire 20MB HD in the same computer (there was no one cooler than me in the whole world, at that point), but that is about where my building skills peaked. I soldered my brother's Playstation, installed multiple 4MB RAM sticks, and even took apart the power supply once. Now a days, I should be considered a novice at best in hardware matters. But, my wife's brother has a friend who knows a guy who says he could probably build a computer, so there you go.   This will definitely 100% be a business expense. That said, it might be nice to know I could do some leisure stuff, in case I ever get my work caught up. The most advanced game I have ever played is Civilization 4, and I can't imagine getting much more advanced than Civ6 within the next 4 years, and would probably be content sticking with Civ4, low graphics settings (I like what I like).   I don't really need to worry about any more expansion capability beyond what I have already mentioned. If my business is doing so well that I need to upgrade in less than 5 years, I can afford to buy another machine.   So, knowing that I need to purchase a Windows10 Pro license, are their any scenarios where buying the pieces and putting it together myself would be cheaper? (I doubt it)  Do different manufacturers have different track records, at the amount of computing power I will be doing (not much)?  I don't need to consider any special cooling, right?  And most importantly, what is the cheapest way to get a box that can fulfill those requirements?
I have a Foscam 1918w, which I created a custom interface for. The process wasn't cool, and it wasn't transparent about how to reprogram the interface. I also had to overhaul the front-end, which was super insecure. Now, I'm in the market for another panning and tilting nanny cam, with or without mic, and the ability to write and or reprogram the device is a key feature.  (When I bought the foscam, I misread/ interpreted the name as FOSS-Cam, and thought it would be an open hardware project. That was a mistake.)  I am looking for a panning, tilting, network camera, that is based on open hardware, or at the very least, open source software. If anyone knows of products like that, I would be very interested.
Description of what I am doing  The Fractal Design 804 NODE case supports a total of 10 storage drives. (8 3.5 inch disk drives in one half of the case, which is divided into 2 sections, and 2 solid state drives at various other points inside the case.*)  *Note depending on PSU length etc I think it may be possible to fit more than this, however for my purposes, a 10 drive configuration is what I am aiming for.  My objective is to build a datacenter to backup my data. My aim is to have 8 sata 6GB/s hard disks, all operating in RAID1 as pairs. ie; 4 lots of X terabyte storage units. The reason for this is to run a "rolling-raid" backup.  Explanation:   One writes backup data to the first RAID 1 pair. The next backup is written to the second RAID 1 pair. Then the third, then the fourth. Since we have run out of storage medium to write to, the next backup is written to the first RAID 1 pair. The old data can either be over-written, or one can create subfolders with the date, and just keep writing until the disk is full. If the disk becomes full, delete older backups.   This seems like a fairly safe, and manual way of creating backup data. RAID 1 protects us against a disk crash, and the rolling raid means if we do something stupid and delete all our data on one physical storage unit then there are 3 other recent backups to minimize damage. (I have done this before when copying data from an external disk to a local disk, and running rm -r when forgetting which working directory I am in... Sometimes it just happens when you make a human error.)  Since these are "backups" in the sense that all the data is copied from another location (primary), then even if we wreck the most recent backup then we should be able to recreate it from the primary anyway.  So I have sort of diverged here with this discussion, but hopefully it is now clear what I am trying to do. This could be done with a 3-way rolling raid rather than 4, but I would prefer 4 as it allows flexibility in future configuration.  The final 2 drives are to be used for operating systems. Technically I only need 1, but my guess is motherboards will ship with 10 sata connections not 9. Also 9 would suggest one cannot have RAID 1 configurations.  Question  The NODE 804 only supports micro-atx motherboards. Are there any micro-atx motherboards which have 10 sata connections? Even better: Are there any micro-atx motherboards with 10 sata 6GB/s connections? Better still, are there any which allow for 4x RAID 1 configurations, where the RAID 1 is composed of 2 physical disks?  If not I guess I can run a software RAID, although this will be slower. Also note that I don't want to install additional RAID 1 expansion cards (pci-e etc) as these may require drivers and I intend to run Linux.
Front-end dev generally involves high read-write throughput and compiling hundreds or thousands of small files regularly.  I'm trying to figure out which SSDs are fastest at that sort of workload (it's not often any of the files will be over 1Mb).  I'll be using Visual Studio, Code, Node, NPM etc.  Can anyone explain what features I should be looking for in the new SSD?  Note:  I've read dozens of SSD benchmarks and most seem to have a low MB/s thoughput (~80Mb/s) when dealing with smaller files.
I am looking for a graphics card that would be used in a desktop pc running GNU/Linux used mainly for coding. I won't run any games that would require high performance, but I want the card to support three 1920x1080 monitors via digital ports. Nice to have: ability to run OpenCL/CUDA on this card. So what is the cheapest way to meet these requirements?
I recently bought a WD My Passport Ultra 3TB external HDD. It's performing beautifully and blazing fast, zero complaints there. However I did find out that my aging router (TP-Link's TL-WDR4300) doesn't support GPT-formatted external drives. Formatting the drive to use MBR would result in the router only seeing 2 out of the 3 TB of storage, which is a no-go.  So I made a bucket list of my requirements for a new router, but so far have been unsuccessful in finding a device that fits them all. I suspect even if I find it, it'll be $300+ but I can swallow that -- it's not like you buy a router every few months.  My requirements:   Gigabit WAN (future-proofing, you know). Gigabit LAN, 4 ports. 2 or more USB ports. At least one has to be USB 3.0 because that's where I'll put my external HDD. High availability / resilience to overloading (not against DoS / DDoS however; I don't think there are routers who can withstand a focused attack anyway so that's out of my wish list). My WDR4300 "clogs" if I seed my Linux / misc OSS disk image torrents for an hour or so; it stops serving internet connectivity to everything at home even if I stop my torrent program. I limited the software's maximum allowed connections to 150 but that only makes the seeding period little longer -- around 4h at most, then the same thing happens. Only a restart of the router helps. I want the external HDD formatted in a file system that will allow me to use it everywhere I wish: on my Win10 PC, on my Macbook, and optionally on an old Linux / FreeBSD laptop. Plus, I want it recognized by the router of course. In a nutshell, I want the HDD to normally reside at home and be usable by the entire family through the router but I also want to be able to unhook it and carry it with me if the need calls for it. To that end, I was unable to find a router that can use a GPT-formatted exFAT external HDD. I am not against formatting it to HFS+ and use it on my PC through Paragon's HFS+ paid software, if that is what it takes to find a compliant router. RJ-45 compliant. I don't care about optics or SIM slots. Print server. That however might not be critical because TP-Link already has a program that I installed on my Windows 10 PC and it almost immediately found my printer. I'm guessing the lack of print server can be alleviated with similar means on other brands, but do correct me if I am wrong.   Nice to have but not a deal breaker:   5Ghz network. OpenWRT / DD-WRT / Tomato compatibility. Not very fussed about that however; I tried using DD-WRT on my WDR4300 but after being unable to set up a guest network even after following the officially documented ways of doing it and even though I repeated the process probably 5 times (accompanied by restarts), I finally gave up and was left scratching my head on why do the open-source tools make it so hard to setup such basic features.   I don't mind sinking up to $350.  So, any ideas for devices, anyone? Pointers to information aggregators or additional search query recommendations are welcome as well.
I need to be able to test software on different Windows OS and I'm not able to use Virtual Machines. Currently, I clone drives and plug them into a SATA cable inside the PC case. The cloned drives have the Windows OS installed and I can boot to the drive, install the test s/w, test and then re-clone the drives. Now, I would like to be able to do this without having to open the PC case. Can I use a SATA port on the back and a hard drive docking station to boot to Windows? Would an external hard drive with SATA be more appropriate?
I'm wanting a label printer for the specific purpose of printing labels for prototyping board games, to stick to playing cards.   I want to be able to design the labels on my computer, and have them print, ideally on to a roll of labels, rather than sheets of labels.   Label size isn't rigid - but I'm ideally wanting labels as large as possible that will fit on a standard playing card (a standard playing card is 2.5" x 3.5", so labels slightly smaller than that).   I would like the label printer to be able to print detailed images, though if there's an effective text only printer, it's worth considering.
I would like a recommendation on a thin client laptop.  Requirements   Under $150 1280 x 720 screen Capable of decoding video at 720p@60fps 802.11ac WiFi Less than 2" thick at least 60GB hard drive 4hr general usage battery life USB 13.3" screen   Preferences   15" screen 1920 x 1080 screen Capable of decoding video at 1080p@60fps Ethernet 1" thick SSD Speaker & microphone   It will be used for streaming games from another desktop and surfing the web.  The laptop will surf the web.  The desktop will play games and stream them to the laptop.
I'm looking to buy a new Macbook to do Web, Android, and iOS development. I now from experience that web development is not an issue as I'm currently developing on my 2011 Macbook Air with 4GB RAM. I tried XCode and Android Studio and the experience was terrible with all the lags especially when I run the emulator. My budget can go up to 1800$, with that I can buy one of the following options:   Macbook Pro / no TouchBar / Intel Dual-core i5 6th Gen (2.0GHz up to 3.1GHz) / 8GB RAM 1866MHz / 256 SSD - At 1500$ Macbook Pro / no TouchBar / Intel Dual-core i5 6th Gen (2.0GHz up to 3.1GHz) / 16GB RAM 1866MHz / 256 SSD - At 1700$ Macbook Pro / no TouchBar / Intel Dual-core i7 6th Gen (2.4GHz up to 3.4GHz) / 8GB RAM 1866MHz / 256 SSD - At 1800$ Macbook Pro / with TouchBar / Intel Dual-core i5 6th Gen (2.9GHz up to 3.1GHz) / 8GB RAM 2133MHz / 256 SSD - At 1800$ Macbook Pro 2015 / Intel Dual-core i7 5th Gen (3.1GHz up to 3.4GHz) / 16GB RAM 1866MHz / 128 SSD - At 1800$ Macbook Air 2015 / Intel Dual-core i7 5th Gen (2.2GHz up to 3.1GHz) / 8GB RAM 1866MHz/ 128 SSD - At 1350$   Things to consider:   I'm not looking for the best of these options, I want a computer that can perform with minimum hiccups. I only want a portable machine due to my line of work that's why I only picked Macbooks. The prices displayed are final, there will be no taxes added as I'm buying it using student pricing program. I don't work with external monitor nor do I need SD card, I will only buy a USB-A dongle if I have to. This computer is supposed to last at least 3 years.   Please help me decide which one to buy.
I am looking to buy a laptop for 3D designing, surface modelling, and finite element analysis. I will be using softwares like Unigraphics, Rhino 3D, ANSYS, etc.  Requirements:  Processor: Intel Skylake i5 dual core or better  RAM: 8GB min. 16 GB preferable.   Memory: HDD: 1TB or better or                  SSD: 256GB or better  Battery Life: At least 6 hours on designing usage.   OS: Any*  Screen Size isn't a constraint. All the basic functionalities of a modern laptop (wifi, usb, Bluetooth, etc.) are obvious.   As for cost, the cheaper the better. I do not wish to compromise on quality though.  *I do not mind using BootCamp on a MacBook if the MacBook fits the above criteria.
I bought this RX 470 recently for a good price, and now for Black Friday I am buying something that I intend not to bottleneck my GPU for gaming.  After browsing for a long time, I see many people recommending the i3 6100 going besides the RX 470. However, I often stream and use CPU rendering on my personal 3D projects. Therefore, I believe something with two cores would't be the perfect thing for streaming and rendering.  Any other budget recommendations that would do a good performance on both rendering and gaming?
I am looking for a usb sound card for my laptop. I mainly use it for my headset so it must have a mic in and a headset out. I also would like to have a line-in port on it to record with. I don't need a card with surround sound output as I only use it with my headset.  The card needs to support both windows 10 and linux. Ideally under $50.  something like a behringer UCA202: https://www.amazon.com/Behringer-UCA202-Audio-Interface/dp/B000KW2YEI would be perfect if it also had a 3.5mm mic input.
I'm looking for a powerful non-gaming laptop; i will mostly work with CAD and finite element analysis software (ANSYS) and some occasional gaming (like Starcraft 2). I also inted to dual boot (Ubuntu/Windows).  I don't like gaming laptops, mostly because they're very expensive and i don't like their colorful-aggresive design.  This is a must:   17.3'' screen (minimum FHD) 2 tb HDD Core i7 processor At least 8 GB of RAM   I don't really care for the weight or the battery duration, also not interested in touch screen; i want it to be durable and reliable and with a sleek design.  So far the only laptop meets most of my requierements is the MSI PE70; altough it is a bit expensive i like it. However i ask because i want to know if there is a better option in the market.
I'm looking for a router that could wirelessly bridge with my main wireless router and still work as a wireless access point, just like the Wireless #2 router is doing in the image below:   Is there a router in the market that could do that?  After some research, I found this router AC3200 but I'm not sure if it would be able to do what I described above. I assume it could be possible since it has 3 wifi interfaces, but not sure if I could setup it that way.  Any suggestions?
I've been doing a lot of research but I can't seem to find an answer to this question.  A plethora of laptops exist that do work well with Linux (I'm using Ubuntu 16.04, but if an answer is available for other Linuxes, it's fine); that I know. Some even include a builtin 4k monitor that works fine.    What seems very hard to get reliable information about is:   Which current (November 2016) portable laptop (max 14 inches, max 2.5kg/5.5lbs weight) can support an external 4k (3840x2160) displayport 1.2 monitor @60Hz, either directly or via an adapter/dock which is confirmed to work reliably?  There seem to be an issue with modern laptops with USB-C-to-DP adapters or docks that aren't properly recognized by Ubuntu, and I'd like an hassle-free solution - in many forums about Dell XPS/Latitude/Inspiron I've seen people saying that sometimes they were able to work it out with custom kernels or arcane configurations, but I use my laptop for work and I don't want to waste too much time at configuring my laptop.  PLEASE NOTE: I expect exact make and models that can be actually bought today in Europe. Don't suggest me the specs, I already know what I'd like, but it seems that the requirements are conflicting enough that I cannot find a brand new laptop that has all of them at the same time.
I am going to be buying a new computer but I am stuck between the following three choices. I would appreciate any advice that would help me make the best decision.  Computer Use:    Office suite:Outlook, Word, Excel Browsing: firefox, chrome standard but also WordPress development Adobe: Illustrator, Photoshop (no complex 3D work), Brackets (code editor), occasional minor video editing Coding and development    Ideally, I would like to choose the best of the following three systems but I am not sure if the £100-150 difference in price makes a massive difference.  System 1 (preferred choice):  HP Pavilion 23-q105n / £749   Graphics: Intel® HD Graphics 530 Hard Drive Storage: 1 Tb Processor: Intel® Core™ i5 RAM Memory: 8 GB   System 2:  HP Pavilion 27-n230na / £799   Intel® Core™ i3 8GB RAM 2TB Hard Drive 27 inch screen AMD4GB Dedicated Graphics R7-A360 Graphics: Discrete: AMD Radeon R7 A (i am not sure if this is the same as the above bullet point) Hard Drive Storage: 2 Tb   System 3:  Lenovo AIO 910 I  / £899   Intel® Core™ i5 Processor 8GB RAM 1TB Hard Drive Nvidia 2GB dedicated graphics card   It is really a case of whether any of the graphic cards or i3 to i5 upgrade would make any difference to the type of the work that I do.  Any comments are highly appreciated.  Many thanks in advance.
I'm based in London.  I can have two independent fibers delivered to my door (roughly £30 per month each) + unlimited 4G LTE (£25 per month)  I would like to find router that would connect to 3 independent uplinks and provide superior speeds.  (normally a single fiber would be sufficient but due to "engineering works" speeds are    and I'm constantly thinking how to make them better)  I don't even know if this is possible. I assume my use case is not frequent for home users, business users must been doing it for ages...
Are there any USB 3.1 Gen 2 hubs in existence? There seem to be lots of options that are USB-C on the computer-end, but provide only USB 3.0 ports for the peripherals. Do I really have to buy an expensive Thunderbolt dock if all I want are a few USB 3.0 and two USB 3.1 Gen 2 ports?  Ideally, it would also have a HDMI (or DisplayPort) connection and power pass through.  I've found among others the following products (none of which has USB 3.1 Gen 2 output)   Satechi Slim HyperDrive GN22B HooToo UC001B Sandberg Arc Hub nonda (apparently a failed kickstarter)
For a family member with quite a big head, I'm looking for a headphone to replace the one which is (kinda) broken. Naturally I'm looking for a replacement which will do better, so I'm asking here for recommendations.  Object searched: Headphone  Mandatory requirements:   3.5mm jack input Must be closed design Impedance must be between 40 and 80 Ohm Cable must either be removable from the actual headphone or be at least 1.5m Must be able to accomodate the following "head specs":   (Full) Ear diameter: 8cm (from bottom to top of the ear) Head diameter: 15cm (from ear-to-ear) Height: 13cm (from mid of ear, straight ob the top of the head) Perimeter length (?): 37cm (from the middle of the ear over the top of the head to the other ear)  Price must be less than 150€
I have a Nexus 5X, that I use to connect to my drone with the DJI Go app. I plug my phone into the drone's remote controller through the USB C port on my phone. (Same concept as plugging into a computer) I am looking for a case with a built in battery pack.   It has to support full data throughput Has to be able to charge my phone at the same time I would prefer larger than 2,000mAh I don't care about physical size, durability, color, price etc.
My understanding is GPUs are more efficient for running neural nets, but someone recently suggested GPUs are only needed for the training phase.  Once trained, it's actually more performant to run them on CPUs.  Is this true?
i'm not using all my computer hardware regularly anymore and want to make a change. Currently i have:   1 stationary computer capable of running recent games  1 mini tv computer which stutters badly and i want to get rid of  1 remote virtual server running linux a router with a built-in NAS capability onto which i can plug-in hard drives   My idea was to use the stationary computer for gaming and the mini computer for Netflix and stuff at the TV. However my personal situation has changed to a level where i rarely use my stationary computer anymore. After work i mostly use the mini computer. This has resulted in me having two "divergent" workspaces. Additionally, most weekends i'm away and don't use either computer, although i wish i had a mobile computer with me. Other weekends i have time for gaming, although it's a few hours tops. So these are my new requirements:   Be mobile enough to take with me on weekends Capable of playing games at Full HD res. (Skyrim Special Edition as a benchmark) Capable of programming/compilation (Python and Go mostly) and running office software Have some sort of cable docking solution so i can easily move it from TV to home office and also take it with me on weekends without having to remove 5 different cables each time   My idea was to trade both computers for either a laptop or a very powerful tablet (if that exists). My storage hard drive would go onto my router NAS and thereby be accessible from home or away. I also thought of using my virtual server as an additional workspace, but i'm not sure if i would be using it regularly (since it requires good internet). I want to parallel install Ubuntu and Windows.  What would you buy if you were me? My budget is around $1500 (Euros, actually).  I looked at the Razer Blade, which seems to fulfil my requirements but is above what i want to spend and maybe even overpowered for the few times i'm actually gaming. Another option is just to replace the mini computer with a budget tablet or laptop, but then i'd still have two workspaces.
No matter if it's a desktop, laptop, or lower category, and budget is not a limitation here. I need a PC (not Mac) which graphics card can deal with WQXGA resolution, i.e. 2560x1600 (HP ZR30w monitor), and has to be as silent as possible. It will run a Linux distro (Ubuntu-based, most probably) and I won't perform intensive computing in it, only sometimes a bunch of Chrome tabs will be opened (easily 50-100), some with heavy js-based pages. I understand that solid state memory is essential, but don't know about the rest. Currently I'm using a HP ProBook 6360b, with a displayport that solves the graphic problem, but heats a lot, and is not that silent when the browser is working hard. An update with solid state memory may be would make it...
I am in the market for a Mechanical Keyboard with a 10-key keypad. I am going to be using it for both work and gaming so I am looking at either a Cherry MX Red or Cherry MX Brown switch.    I have a strict budget of £100/$125/€118(so it can be anything under but not a penny over).   Given that I am spending this much money I want something that is going to last me a long time.   So far I have as follows:  Corsair K70 Lux Blue  SteelSeries Apex M500  Corsair Strafe MX Red  Corsair Strafe MX Brown  HyperX Alloy FPS  ASUS Strix Tactic Pro Gaming Keyboard  Logitech G610 Orion  I've been doing my reading a I've heard in some places, Logitech, Steelseries, ASUS, HyperX, and Corsair are good brands for mechanical keyboards.   In some places I've seen people saying that CoolerMaster, Deck, Ducky, Filco, KB Paradise, KUL, Leopold, WASD, and Varmilo are reputable brands. Out of this list the only brands that I know of are Filco and Cooler Master.   With that being said, what keyboards do you like out of this list/could add to this list that would fit my requirements?  Update: In thinking about it further, based on what I will be using it for, I think that a keyboard with a Cherry MX Brown switch will be the best way to go.
I am looking for a single board computer that can connect to two camera and save images from both camera at the frame rate of around 5-6 fps into a hard disk?   What is the best single board computer that I can buy?
Acer Aspire ATC-220-EB52 Desktop (Refurbished) - AMD A10-7800 3.5GHz - 8GB DDR3 - 1TB HDD - AMD Radeon R7 Graphic - Windows 10 Home 64-bit - CAD$ 409 + 13% tax  I am considering this for a general purpose desktop + Adobe Lightroom use. Will add an SSD to speed up. Thoughts?  My current Adobe Lightroom computer is a Mid 2013 MacBook Air and it works reasonable well. The CPU & Graphics in the AMD A10 is better so the overall performance should be better (assuming Windows & Mac versions are similar).  Is this line of thinking accurate? Happy for alternatives or even a build recommendation within the same budget. Thank you.
I am looking for a SATA controller capable of handling at least 12 drives for a custom personal cloud build. There are a couple good (and cheap) ones that look good on newegg, but the reviews indicate that the drivers are no longer appropriate for newer OS's (target OS in this case will be Ubuntu Server, most recent (16.04)).  I am fine using 4x SAS or 12x+ SATA connections. Also, would be excellent if it was on the smaller side as case space is a premium.  RAID support is optional, as I plan to use software RAID for better error detection and cross-controller support.  I'd like to think ~$500 max, but we will see how available these are.
I have a Samsung SSD being used as a boot drive through a SATA connection. I've been using it for about 8 years. It barely gets over 200 MB/s maximum in read or write performance. It's been used daily for pretty much all those years. I'm starting to fear that failure may be on the horizon as it significantly underperforms at times. Anyways, I'm looking for an upgrade that meets these requirements:   Preferrably $100 USD or Less ($150 Max, but less is better) At least 64 gigabytes (the one I'm using now is 64GB) 1 Priority, Quick Boot (I have a drive just for programs and keep files on a raid array) Purchasable through Amazon.com   I'm considering connecting the drive through SATA III or PCIE. What should I go with? Are there more factors to consider when selecting a fast boot ssd?  In terms of drives, I'm looking at either the  Samsung 850 Evo Pro 128GB Read: 550 MB/s Max, Write: 470 MB/s Max  or  Kingston HyperX Predator 240GB PCIe Read: 1400 MB/s, Write: 600 MB/s  But I'm certainly open to suggestions. Thanks!
Titled mentioned are the main focusing criteria. Of course it should be i7 processor, a graphics card, 15" display and not too heavy to carry and a matt display.   Any ideas?   Thanks for your opinion in advance.
I am currently designing a board game whereby various cards, figurines, and basically all sorts of game items will be plugged into the main game board, which will be linked to a Raspberry Pi.  As various items can be plugged into the same socket, I would like some data to be stored in each item, so that the main program loop can respond accordingly.  This data would be very small: only a few bytes.  What would be the best hardware to use as storage on the game items? USB drives would work well in terms of plugging in, however they seem a bit overkill in terms of storage size.  Any suggestions welcome!
What I’m looking for is a device which consists of a smartphone-like interface and a small printer.  The smartphone part should provide   a capacitive touch screen a HTML5-capable browser network connectivity (3G/4G, Wifi, etc.) enough CPU power, RAM etc. for running a rather complex web application   The printer could be some 2.5 inch thermo-transfer or similar technology.  The browser should allow printing from a browser application, for example it could expose an additional JavaScript API for talking to the printer, something like:  window.Printer =  {     getLineWidth : function() {}, // returns the letters fitting a row      getPixelWidth : function() {}, // returns the number pixels in a row      printLine : function(text) {}, // prints a text, then CR/LF      printImage : function(blob) {} // prints an image in a given format };   Or, ideally, it would print web pages with print stylesheets.  The device should be portable, meaning it should be able to run on or charge via USB, and it shouldn’t be too heavy.  Does something like this exist? Does anybody have experience in regard to quality, reliability, spare parts and paper availability? How does it work in practice?  Alternatively: Is there a portable printer for Android which registers as a local printing service and prints browser contents formatted by HTML5 print stylesheets?  (NOTE: What we currently have is a USB thermo printer and a web app running in WebView with a JS API similar to the example above … but we want to get rid of it and have an integrated, purely web-based solution.)
We use a "Samsung SyncMaster 320MXn-3" as a public display in our entrance hall.  The Windows XP Embedded is outdated and we are looking for an alterntive.  The only usage is: Some employees connect via teamviewer to the display and change a presentation powerpoint file which is started via Windows "autostart" in fullscreen. The display will shutdown in the evening and automatically boots every weekday.  The new display should satisfy the following specs:   Display larger than 32" with VESA mount LAN Port up to date operating system Automatically start (best via bios setting) and shutdown (script) Possibility to (auto)start a presentation (or image file) in full screen. Preferable Microsoft Publisher 2010 or newer. Easy possibility to transfer the updated file from client to display for our users.   Do you have any recommendations?  Perhaps you have a completly different idea. Please let me know!
Does anyone know a device which has Ethernet port to act as an adapter between a TCP client and a server, with the purpose to intercept data? It has to have the ability to receive data from one side and send it to the other with the extra ability to send data also on one additional IP/port. That port should be read-only.  The similar device which converts data between serial and TCP which I know exist is MOXA NPort. They call it Serial Device Server.  I would appreciate also if you can tell me if there is a programmable device which has Ethernet connector.  UPDATE: It isn't necessary for the client and the server to be directly connected to each another. They both can maintain separate connection with the adapter, so that adapter would be a server/client with additional read-only connection on the server side. In that case it is effectively a computer connected to the router. As a programmer I know that it can be achieved using a PC with a simple software, but a would prefer a dedicated hardware.
I have a Dell Inspiron 15.6 inch AMD 3541 (Processor: AMD E1-6010 APU) and have already upgraded the 2GB RAM to 8GB.  The RAM upgrade gave almost no visible performance increase. Upgrading to Windows 10 neither. Essentially I only have to use the laptop for Google Sheets and we have some fairly complex sheets.  The sheets perform absolutely fine on newer machines but are so slow to load and edit cells using any browser.   Would and upgrade to an SSD likely impact the performance specifically in chrome / google docs?? I don't awfully want to keep spending more money on a dud!  Am using Chrome browser (although tried Firefox and Edge) and have tested Performance ModePower Settings>>Performance Mode..
I'm looking to move from Mac to PC as the new 2016 Mac Book Pro is terribly under baked in terms of performance. In turn, I want to build a desktop PC for around $3000 USD, but my knowledge of PC components and how they interact with one another is stuck in 2006  My head is aching from reading through 1000's of posts for the past week about dual SLI GPU's and benchmark variations between different operating systems and I'm totally confused.  I know this sounds totally naive (and I hope I'm not asking too much) but I'd love for someone to just list a kick ass build which I can simply go out and buy.  Understandably people have done 3D PC builds in the past, which I have come across in my research, yet they all seem to be around a year old Here are some of my requirements that should help supply context to the build:   I'd like to run Windows 10 I mainly use Blender for medium detail animations in cycles I'd like to jump on the Dual GPU bandwagon My budget is around $3000 USD No keyboard, mouse or monitor needed
Is there a range extender that is using ethernet rather than WiFi for incoming network.  Meaning, I want my range extender to have an input ethernet port (rather than output), so that I'll connect it to the ethernet port on the wall.  All the range extender I could find were transforming WiFi to WiFi or WiFi to ethernet, and I'm looking for ethernet to WiFi.
I sometimes prepare/print a large number of foils for use in checking printed materials. The foils are overlaid over the printed materials to check that the design is identical. Being able to replace the foils with a transluscent screen (digital display) would be convenient, and perhaps also economical. Does there exist any commercially available products with a transluscent display of A4 size? If not, what is the larges available transluscent display? It could be part of a tablet or require connecting to a PC, as long as it can display PDF files.
I'm currently relocating once every one or two months and as I have not much luggage space on my car motorbike, I can't move around my PC and my 26 inches screen and I'm stuck with just my laptop.  So, I'm thinking to buy a cheap mini projector to plug into the laptop to watch movies and play games and need some advice, as it's a field I've never looked into.  What I'd need:   Decent screen size, maybe at least a 42 inches? Decent resolution, no needs for FullHD but at least something more than a 1366×768  HDMI input Small. Even better, lightweight. Silent I have no idea of prices, but if possible...no more than 100 euro? decent quality, I need text to be readable   Nothing else, and I mean it literally: I'm ok in trading everything else for the above features. I'll be using it only at night so (reasonably) low lumens is ok, I don't need usb ports, no wifi, nothing nothing nothing.
I need to setup FreeNas Server, So I follw this freenas setup  and collect all the Hardware Details,  What They Used:      Motherboard       BOXDQ45EK LGA 775     Processor         Pentium E2160 processor     Heatsink /fan     Fanner-420 heatsink/fan made by MassCool     Ram               1 GB     Power supply      400W Rosewill RD400-2-DB     Hard Drive        1TB WD10EZRX     Ups               CyberPower CP1000AVRLCD UPS     Case              PC-Q11B from Lian Li   But, They used Some Older versions Hardware's, so I try to find out New One Based on our Older Requirement.  I collected Hardware:      Motherboard       Intel BOXDP67BGB3 Socket 1155, Intel P67, CrossFireX & SLI, SATA3&USB3.0, A&GbE, ATX Motherboard      Processor         Intel Core i5-3570K Quad-Core Processor 3.4 GHz 4 Core LGA 1155 - BX80637I53570K      Ram               Kingston -1600MHZ_PC3 (4GB)     Hard Drive        WD Black 1TB Performance Desktop Hard Disk Drive - 7200 RPM SATA 6 Gb/s 64MB Cache 3.5 Inch -                 WD1003FZEX       Power supply      Rosewill ATX 12V 750-Watt 80 PLUS BRONZE Certified Power Supply Hive-750       Heatsink /fan     MASSCOOL Fanner-420 Thermal Grease Cooling (FANNER-420)       Case             Lian-Li PC-Q11B Lian-Li Case PC-Q11B Mini Tower 1-0-2 FAN Aluminum USB 3.0 Black Mini-ITX    My Questions Are:  1. This Mother-Board(Intel BOXDP67BGB3 Socket 1155, Intel P67, CrossFireX & SLI, SATA3&USB3.0, A&GbE, ATX Motherboard) can Support  FreeBSD Linux?
We make devices that capture and handle sensor data. Our base unit is a wireless dock that charges our specialized tablet, and has two inputs (DC voltage and Ethernet (RJ-45)), no outputs, disregarding the built in wireless access point. Now we need a printer to distribute that can print out this data.  What we need is a wireless printer that is above all reliable (in connecting as in printing) and relatively easy to set up - without connecting it to a computer first (should it come to that, we might consider a one-time USB connection, but would rather avoid it).  Color printing is requested, but not necessary, size does matter - the smaller the better. Speed should be above at least 10 ppm.  Thermal printers are to be avoided if possible, but not at all costs.  I've looked across a lot of printers, but can barely find any with reliable reviews - so I would like to hear from those of you that actually own/produce/distribute such a printer.  Quick recap:   Wifi connection Configurable without a PC connection (SD card, NFC, USB, doesn't matter, so long as it is as simple as possible. We can preconfigure our wireless AP.) Color or BW printing As small as possible Extremely reliable To be mass produced for a while, so we can include it with our products.   Thank you for your input.  Matija
I have an HP proliant micro server sitting in my home office and I want to stream photos and videos off this device and display it on my TV in another room.  The TV also sits next to an ethernet hub and my preference is to connect the TV to network via this hub.  What I am looking for is an output device that will sit on the network to talk to the server and provide an HDMI/1080p output to the TV.   I am currently planning on using FreeNAS on the serve up the data, (but I am not bound to that), so the solution would need to be able to browse/select the media to play.  I also don't need this device to do anything else other than serve up data from the NAS.  Suggestions?
I recently bought an LG 49UH6030 4K TV. I've also had for quite a while a Creative Inspire T6600 6.1 surround sound speaker system.   My TV has a mini-jack output and an optical output. I would really like to use all the channels of the surround speaker system so the mini-jack is not really an option.  I have been checking for options to convert the optical output to the three-jack cables that come with the T6600 input. All I've been able to find are external sound cards for PC which are able to do that but need to be connected to a PC.   Since I currently don't have a PC constantly connected to my TV (would like to later on) what kind of device could I use to convert the sound output? Of course, budget-wise.  I found this thing, but since I've never used one I don't know if the USB connection is for drivers and stuff or just for power.  Any ideas or recommendations? I mean I'm pretty happy with the sound of the TV, but the speakers are even better.
A friend of mine desperately needs a new computer. His current device has lasted for over 10 years and I'm aiming for the new one to match this.  He and his wife have reached a respectable age. The device doesn't have to be top-of-the-line and should preferably 'run forever' without hassle. Which basically boils down to it should be able to perform basic tasks for as long as possible without requiring 2 minutes to launch a web browser, open a PDF or load a map with pictures.  Since, basically, that's all it's going to be used for.  Finding something meeting those (vague) criteria isn't hard. Finding something that will likely meet those criteria in 10 years is a different story. My guess is I should stick with the 'recent' tech and keep it simple.  So far I've found a tower for € 415, which is within budget (€ 450 preferred, € 500 tops) with the following:   i3-6100 3.7 GHz CPU 4 GB DDR4-SDRAM (although I'm not 100% sure, this likely only occupies 1 of 2 RAM slots for easy/cheap extension to 2x4 GB) 240 GB SSD DVD-RW drive   Epsilon Deluxe Systeem v2 (Dutch)  Hard requirements are at least 4th generation CPU 3 GHz, at least 4 GB RAM with room to extend, 200 GB HDD and an optical drive at least capable of reading DVD. But I think this is a nice fit for the other, vaguer requirements as well.  Am I missing something obvious in how I specified my target or does anyone have a better idea? Requiring assembly is not a problem, as long as I can be 100% confident it fits.  I haven't touched an i3 in years, but IIRC a use-case like this doesn't need anything higher.  I'm located in the Netherlands.
I got an offer to buy a used Core i7-4770 with Asus Motherboard and 16 Gigs of DDR3 RAM for 200 Euros. This offer comes to pass very good because I am thinking about upgrading my computer.  Currently, I use an AMD FX-6300 on an MSI Board which recently started having issues on boot. GPU is the Sapphire R9 270X, but I will upgrade to an GTX 1070 soon.   My question now is, should I take that deal for 200 Euros or should I save some more money to take a new i7-6700 with DDR4 instead. How is the Performance to Value comparison? I compared the two CPUs using CPUBenchmark.net and the Benchmark Points are different by just 200, which does not seem much compared to the difference from my FX-6300 to the i7's (which is about 3k Points difference).  In case you need some information about my main usage of the PC, I play a lot of games like Rainbow Six Siege, The Division, Overwatch, Paragon (guess that's the cpu-heaviest game of those) and I also do a lot of rendering to MP4 (live and non-live).
Today i planned to Play GTA V on my PC. So i require some Specs for My pc. I have computer/laptop of 2gb RAM that is not enough to play that game. So decided to buys some 4gb RAM for my laptop. Can i Add 2gb RAM and 4gb RAM to make it 2+4=6GB RAM?
I'm looking for a small device (smartphone, netbook etc) to store passwords and other sensitive information. The device never goes online and has to be password-or PIN-protected. The device will be used only infrequently. Other requirements:   small (ideally not larger than a iPad mini) has a hardware QWERTY keyboard has a camera storage space ist not important, as long as it fits ca. 100 photos and max 1 MB of text has an app for taking notes ideally with encrypted storage costs less than 100 USD/Euro used on Ebay, but preferably less, of course  makes easy to transfer information out of the device without using an online or cloud solution is not a Chinese no-name device
I'm looking for a wireless network card to add to my Debian router. I'll be using it to create an access point, so it has to have a chipset that supports AP mode on linux. It can be PCIe x1 or PCI and the bandwidth should be at least 300mb. I assume a USB device wouldn't be a good fit for an AP, but the motherboard does support USB 2.0. I'd like something cheap for now, but might consider something more high performance later on. (I've seen some decent-looking cards for around $30)  The most devices connected at the same time would be arount 8-10. The part I'm most uncertain about is the performance and throughput. I'm not really sure how to figure out how well a wireless card would perform without testing it, so I'd appreciate any tips about it.
So I am ready to finally make the leap to a triple monitor setup.  Shopping for monitors is a horrible experience these days because there is about 9 million options.  I am thinking about going with either 3 24" or 3 27" Monitors. They must be VESA compliant.  I currently use them for mostly business purposes but I do use Illustrator on a daily basis for basic graphic design  My biggest questions is about curved monitors.  Does anyone have any experience working with a trip curved Monitor setup?  The price is negligible at this point in time on curved vs flat.  Are there any drawbacks to the curved monitor setup in this application?  Any advice or comments would be much appreciated   PS  I am currently looking at the following  Samsung CF390 24" Samsung CF398 27" Samsung CF391 32" (Is this just too big?)  My other concern is that all the max resolutions are 1920x1080 on these monitors.  I am also not stuck on samsung.  EDITS:  Thanks for the comments so far.  Graphic design would be considered more casual.  Bezel Gap is not a big deal for me.  In fact I prefer the break between the screens to help separate the applications (That being said I have never used a minimal bezel monitor)  I do not play games or use any graphically intensive applications.  Illustrator would be the most intense of the applications on the GPU (and that is not much)  My budget is open but I am trying to stay around or under 1000$ for the 3 monitors.  (Have to have money for the mount)  I really am not sure I am ready to make the leap to a single or double ultrawide.  I feel like with my current work load that the 3 screens will be a better fit.  Cfinley: I am only about 24" away from the monitors so I am really starting to lean away from the 32" option.  Are there other options in the 24-27" range on curved monitors other than samsung?
I'm choosing a laptop as a gift for a person who watches a lot of movies, browses internet and does some Excell or World processing.  The strict requirements:   15.6 good LED backlit, matte screen at least 4 GB of ram good sound quality either no system at all (lower cost) or any Windows 10   Prefered:   IPS screen Intel i3 or higher, 6 or 7 generation no dedicated video card (lower cost, and Intel HD is more than capable for multimedia) M.2 SSD + empty place for HDD or HDD mounted (any size)   Does not matter:   DVD or lack thereof   The screen quality and audio quality are especially important, as there is no way for a person to plug external speakers or monitor. I am not sure if it's good idea to go Full HD, as the person is used to 1366 x 768 resolution, wears glasses and the videos watched are all in lower resolution. I am sure though, that IPS would be great, however I found it extremly hard to find in this resolution and under the budget of:   budget: 820 $   I'm currently considering:   Dell Vostro 5568 Lenovo Ideapad 700-15 HP ProBook 450 G3   but have no idea how they compare in sound quality (I know I know, they're laptops, but there is really no way for external speakers) and display quality. I will appreciate your help with choosing between the three or proposing something else within requirements. Thanks!
I asked my question over at SuperUser, but was directed here instead. :)  I'm currently looking for a new Router for my office, but since I live in Norway there isn't a lot of stores/webstores that cater to professional or small business needs. I called one such store out of the few we have and after explaining my needs, the woman on the other end recommended me getting either a TP-Link Talon AD7200 or the Asus RT-AC88U.  The only issue I have with either is that I cannot for the life of me find out if they have any additional wireless network segmentation capabilities. Creation of multiple SSIDs.  I rent my office space together with (at times) upwards of 20 other people, like a little office community. Most of these people run their own small business or are freelancers and one request that many wanted was the ability to have their own "space" on the network. Their own SSID that they have the password to and can connect to.  I've not dabbed this much into Networking before so I'm unsure where to look for pieces of this puzzle.  The store I'm looking at can be found here and translates almost perfectly to English.  As I said, I'm waddling blind here. I appreciate any help and insight I can get.  Thank you!
You can find a question I asked that's related to this here.  I rent my office space together with (at times) upwards of 20 other people, like a little office community. Most of these people run their own small business or are freelancers and one request that many wanted was the ability to have their own "space" on the network. Their own SSID that they have the password to and can connect to.  I'm currently looking for a new Router/AP for my office, but since I live in Norway there isn't a lot of stored/webstores that cater to professional or small business needs.  I've not dabbed this much into Networking before so I'm unsure where to look for pieces of this puzzle.  The store I'm looking at can be found here and translates almost perfectly to English.  If none of the routers from the other question support setting up multiple SSIDs like my office mates want, I was thinking about buying an Access Point on top of the router.  Whenever I search online, it seems like most people recommend the Ubiquiti APs, the only pet-peeve I have is that I want to avoid cables wherever I can, it's preferable that the AP is wireless and not cabled.  The question:  For example, how would the Ubiquiti UniFi AP AC LR which to my understanding supports up to 8 SSIDs compare against the Zyxel NWA1123-AC (I read the Zyxel supports up to 16 SSIDs?) for my usage?  I have a hard time believing we'll need more than (at maximum) 20 SSIDs at the peak in our current location if that helps.  I'm very open to other suggestions as well as long as it's available at the website I provided above.  I'm struggling. I appreciate any help and insight I can get.  Thank you in advance!
Please recommend a USB3 hub with the following features:   At least 4 USB3 ports. Individual toggles (switches) for each port. No LED lights, unless they can be easily disabled or cleanly obscured with electrical tape. Reliable for data transfer onto USB3 storage devices. Compact size.   The hub can be powered, or non-powered.  Either is fine.  Less expensive is preferred, but not required.  Prefer black, gray, or silver, but any color is acceptable.
I use my Google Nexus 6P to take some HDR+ photos while travelling, and it drains considerable battery power. I am looking for a power bank probably 20000 mAh or more. But I am not aware of any particular one that charges my phone "rapidly" similar to power adaptor using USB Type C port. It would be great If I could charge the power bank itself rapidly as well.  Can any one please suggest any power bank to me?
I am planning to buy a gaming laptop and I have narrowed them down to these two laptops  MSI GE62VR Apache Pro-001 - Price Around $1200 - $1300  MSI GP62VR Leopard Pro-218 - Price Around $1100  I am sure that I need a gtx 1060, given how poor of choice it would be to take a 900 series gpu based laptop now. Also I need a 1080p laptop (since I need only a 15.6 inch screen and I feel that a higher resolution at this size is not that noticeable) itself, so going for a higher end gpu like a 1070 is probably overkill for a 1080p laptop.   The only major difference between them is the VRAM. For GE62VR there is a 6 GB VRAM for 1060 gpu, but for GP62VR there is only 3 GB VRAM and I read that the extra 3 GB is not that needed, at least for the next 3-4 years to come (correct me if I am wrong). Also one more thing that bugs me is the fact that there are no reviews about GP62VR, so I am not sure if it's a good laptop. However the GE62VR has many good reviews online, but the GP62VR is a bit cheaper.  So given the circumstances, and my current budget of about $1100 - $1300, which of these two laptops would you suggest?  P.S. On a side note, for my budget, would you suggest a different 1080p, GTX 1060 laptop altogether aside from these two?  Edit:  I plan on using the laptop for gaming and maybe learning 3d modeling, game design etc in future, so I may run cinema 4d, blender, adobe products in future but only as a hobbyist or a beginner.
I have a basic laptop - an eMachines E732Z. It has an Intel Pentium P6200 processor.  I need to run a 64-bit virtual machine, but I can't because the processor doesn't support VT-x.  I therefore want to upgrade the processor to one that supports hardware virtualisation.  Requirements:   Intel rather than AMD (but only because I've never fitted a new processor before and I don't want to find that an AMD doesn't fit on the motherboard. If this requirement is unnecessary it can be waived). As cheap as possible. Virtualisation-support is my only requirement; I don't require any other upgrade in performance.   I have researched chips already in terms of features and price, but there are so many options and features that I don't understand (this would be my first ever hardware-component purchase, I'm a real beginner with this stuff) it's hard to find just a basic upgrade.
I am looking for some recommendations for my new I7 Build.  What I use it for  Day to day business work  Applications open at once   Adobe Illustator Firefox (11 Tabs) Chrome (5-10 Windows / 10-20 Tabs in each) Skype QQ Messenger Jitsi (VOIP Dialer) Outlook Notepad ++ Windows Photo Viewer (typically 3-10 images) Amazon S3 Viewer Excel (3-10 Docs) Word (1-2 Docs) Open VPN One Drive FileZila BitVise Windows explorer (3-5 Windows) Calculator (thought i would throw this in to be accurate)   Occasionally Open   Edge Internet Explorer Acrobat Adobe Bridge (this could be more frequent in the future)   Visualization Information   I will be using 3 Monitors at 1920x1080 Resolution but I will be wanting to add a 4th in the very near future   Overclocking   Looking for recommendations here   Budget  Originally I was planning on doing this build under 1000 but now I am thinking i am going to end up in the 1500 range.  I have money to burn but I don't like burning it.  What I know I want  I7 Processor  32GB Ram (Dual Channel if I go 6700 quad if i go 6800)  500GB SSD or NVMI  PLAIN Case (its a business not an art show)  GPU that can handle my quad monitor setup  USB Type C Port on MB (Unless someone has a reason why not)  Current Conflicts  I7-6700K vs I7-6800K  Air Cooled vs Water Cooled  DDR4 3000 vs Faster  Sata SSD vs NVMi SSD   Areas where I have not a clue  MotherBoard  GPU  PSU (I do know how to add so my plan was to take everything add up the wattage and give my self about 20% head room)
I need to urgently choose an external hard drive. I need IT to run windows 10 on my iMac, since virtual machines shows too low performance in my case. I think I need an SSD, since its data transfer rate faster than the HDD.   I know that if SSD fails - it fails entirely, but I will not store important data on it (I need it for working with Hololens emulator and several other programs). And I hope with careful treatment, he will live longer  So, I'm looking for: SSD 500GB or more $50-150 max    Here is a model I have found - https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B016JREG84/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1?ie=UTF8&psc=1&smid=ATVPDKIKX0DER What do you think about it? Would you recommend different one?  I need an answer urgently, and I would be very grateful for your help! Thank you very much in advance!
I need a home server for running couple of services, since my current hardware is aging. For example:   DHCP/DNS-Server Mail-Server File-Server (SMB, AFP, FTP) CalDAV / CardDAV ownCloud, maybe WordPress   USB 3.0 is a requirement, since I want high I/O-Rates beyond 25MB/s, also access times should be fast (e.g. Hosting the library of a photo manager on the network share with lots of small file reads). The CPU/RAM should be juicy enough to carry out those requirements on the various file protocols, and to run the ownCloud PHP stuff smoothly.  I want to focus on low power consumption because of the 24/7 runtime. The number of hard drive bays doesn't really matter, I'm using USB-Drives so far and don't necessarily need to change this. Operating system will be some Linux, I don't want any custom/proprietary flavour e.g. Synology DSM, just plain Linux with full control. Display output won't be needed at all. No redundancy is needed as well, so one PSU and one gigabit Ethernet port should be enough.  What kind of hardware should I choose to get the most performance with least power consumption and lowest cost? I thought on ~400€ (~430$) max, don't know if that's possible. Of course it'd be nice if the requirements were possible at even less than 400€.  I'd prefer to buy the individual components and assemble the system myself, but I don't know if it gets cheaper with pre-built systems. Are there pre-built systems that meet my requirements? What hardware would you choose if you had to assemble a similar system?
I want to use multiple monitors for my PC, three in total.  I would like to know what graphics card would run:   1 x UHD (3840 x 2160) monitor 2 x Full HD (1920 x 1080) monitor   Which is the cheapest solution for this?  Not for gaming, using for work.
As the new I.T. guy, the managment ask me for buying an new server for the core proccess application.  This is a web application, "hand made" for a courrier enterprise. As many standart web app, uses a LAMP stack, and the "bottleneck" is the proccessing of the MySQL querys and transactions.  My co-worker told me that a SDD would relief this bottleneck, but at this moment in Colombia, the price of an 400GB is close to $1000 USD (without taxes).  A salesman recomends using two Dell DD 300GB 10K RPM SAS 12Gbps, instead of a SSD. Some "Googling" told that the most important spec of any drive are the IOPS, but i'm confused.  Someone have a close experience using this type of units in an application with hundreds of concurrent queries?  Any recommendations on which type of drive is the best option? (Note the price and capacity)
I struggle to wake up in the morning (who doesn't?) but I've had some success using sleep tracking apps on my phone that wake you up in the right cycle.   However, I don't like leaving my phone on the bed - I'm paranoid it's going to fall off - plus I sleep with my significant other so I'm sure there's some interference as she moves too. I've been interested in getting a smartwatch for a bit.   I read about a smartwatch that wakes you up by vibrating, which feels like a light tap on the wrist (but I don't remember what watch that was). I'm looking for a wearable that can do that and also track your sleep.  What smartwatch would you recommend that I can wear comfortably sleeping that functions well as a sleep tracker and wakes you up pleasantly and reliably? I'm willing to spend a bit on it, somewhere in the $200-300 range.
I have a server with 12 harddisk slots, currently using an Areca ARC-1231ML card, with a large RAID-6 spanning 8 disks and a few passthroughs.  The tiny CPU on that board is obviously not capable of handling this setup, and I get approximately 100 MB/s write speed after caches are full, and the passthrough disks also suffer in that case.  So I'd like to replace that card. The new card should have   battery backed up write cache (the workload is heavy on small writes, as this is a continuous integration server) 12 SATA ports acceptable write speed on RAID-6 (I'd expect 1 GB/s sustained) automated biweekly consistency checks ideally, a way to import an existing RAID-6 from an Areca RAID setup to spare me an annoying manual migration. if it can use an SSD as a read cache transparently, that is a huge bonus   The main difficulties are probably the speed requirement and the import functionality.
I'm looking for an All-in-One device. It should have Win10 Pro installed. I would prefer an Intel i5 or i3 processor.  The special requirement is the wall mount. The only device I found weights 12kg. Maybe someone knows a lighter device. It should have VESA for an easy installation.  What is your budget? 400-900€  What are you planning on doing with it (video editing, gaming, running some server applications, etc)? Casual Office work and using RDP.  How big should the screen be, and what resolution would you like? 20-24"
What motherboard from the Asus z170 chipset line offers the most set of features? I did some research and it looks like the z170-a is the one but I could be wrong. I'd like to have a motherboard that offers the most features even if I won't necessarily need them. I just like to have the most possible options.  Here are a few things I would hope to include but don't let that affect your answer:   USB 3.1, type a and c Possibility to do SLI in the future   Some things that I plan to do with the system are:   Everyday usage Gaming Web development and running WAMP server for development Media server using Plex Photoshop   I already plan on buying a GTX 1070 graphics card so I can play games on the highest graphics settings possible.
In my workstation, the computer CPU (and the headphone jack) is inside the desk near the foot. Not very easy to reach to plug/unplug.  So I am looking for a solution that would allow me to switch the headphone input from the PC to my phone/ipod without messing with the plugs.  Ideally there would be a free 3.5mm male jack at my desk, and I'd plug it into whatever media device i brought, and switch the input from the PC to that one, not unlike a computer KVM switch.  For example, this device does what I want, but 4 in / 4 out is too much. I just need 2 in / 1 out.  It is the opposite of what this one does: The output is just the headphones (can't use speakers, company policy).
I need something similar to what James asked here, e.g. a headphone amp/splitter with separate output volume controls and 3.5 jacks for in and outs, but I have slight different needs:   it must be USB powered or removable battery powered, no rechargeable lithium battery accepted here it must have at least 3 jack outputs with their respective volume knobs if nothing else exists, it can be a whole USB soundcard, because I'm going to use it only connected to a computer.    I've searched several times, but either I'm not searching with correct terms, or such a product does not exist at all. All my searches ended up with the FiiO E6 at best, which is not what I'm looking for, because it's only two outputs and it uses internal lithium rechargeable battery.
I am looking for a docking station that allows me to easily plugin a IDE or SATA HDD and a SD card. It would be handy if it also allows to "clone/duplicate" between hard disks as I have a few faulty disks with data that might be recoverable that way. However I see so many things online, and so many people saying "this is crap, hard disk doesn't fit" or "it broke after using a few times" etc... I am a little scared on ordering one (I have to order online, don't think I will find this in any local store).. I am also not 100% sure if a clone/duplicator dock can also just straight read the data using USB to my PC?  Basically I need something that:   Reads IDE/Sata/Sdcards through USB Is able to clone between the 2 hard drive slots Is decent quality   Preferably a dock that can read those pesky WD IDE drives that seem to be an issue.
For example, I have to render/edit videos and do some 3D MAX tasks..  Does it matter if I have a laptop or PC ?  p.s. let's say, both of them have same CPU, same Graphic Card (Intel HD4000) same amount of ram. (I dont care about price differences.. I want answer from the view of performance).
Is there a portable or travel wireless router that supports 5GHz 802.11ac? I'm looking to install one in my car with through its integrated USB port, or via 12v DC adapter?
I just bought Sony X800D TV and it comes with 2 hdmi ports that do 4k at 60Hz and 1 HDMI port that does 4k at 30hz. I have 2015 Macbook Pro 15" with iris pro IGP. As you guys probably know, this macbook support just HDMI 1.4 and it only does 4k at 30hz. I want to output 4k at 60hz and my TV only has HDMI, so I cannot use display port or thunderbolt from my mac. I'm wondering if I could use mini displayport to HDMI adapter to output 4k 60hz. I tried one adapter from Wal-mart with 4k label, but my mac doesn't even recognize the TV is 4k capable anymore.     P.S : I'm not sure if this is the right forum to ask this question. If it is not, let me know.
As of present I have a Genius K9 118-Key Wired Dual-Color Backlight Keyboard.    Overall I've liked the keyboard, but it's reached the end of its lifespan. I've heard great things about mechanical keyboards, so I'm looking to make the switch.  I do a lot of programming, but also play a lot of games, so based on research it seems the best switch for me is either Cherry MX reds or browns. I've heard that browns aren't very good for perpetually shifting around keys like WASD, so I've decided on the reds.  Aside from that, my requirements for a new keyboard are:   Must have large enter key spanning two rows Layout must be same as previous keyboard Must have backlight that is or has option for blue or orange Backlight must shine only through character text on keys -- not glow in between the keys Body must be black USB wired connection (if the keyboard requires multiple, that's fine) Must be below $200, but preferably around $100-$150 Must be available from or shippable to US   Edit: I've decided it's fine if the key's aren't in the same place as my current keyboard, so long as the overall shape is the same (large shift on left, large enter, large backspace) and I can program the keyboard to change the location of keys.  I'd prefer if the spacebar was nice and fat as it is on my current keyboard, but I can adjust if it's not. I have no preference regarding multimedia keys, hand rests, or USB ports/headphone jacks built into the keyboard. I'm usually in a dark environment, so I need the backlight to distinguish between keys in the rare but possible event that becomes necessary, but I find the glow around the keys to be distracting, even if the color is static.  Out of the models I looked at, the two I liked the most were the ASUS Strix Tactic Pro and the Corsair K70 RapidFire. They both fit all but one of the requirements: the Strix doesn't have a double-row enter key, and the Corsair has glow around the keys instead of just through the characters.  Are there any options on the market that satisfy all of the listed requirements?
I have scenario where I'm plugging an Intel X520-DA2 into an Asus Maximus VIII Hero Alpha and at each attempt to post, I get a "55" readout on the motherboard LED.  When I remove the card the system works fine again, but when I insert the card into any of the PCIe 3 slots I receive this LED error and no video output.  Is there some kind of a compatibility issue between the network card and the motherboard that I'm missing?  I've done similar arrangements before with these disparate types of PCIe cards with no problem, but it seems that I'm hitting a wall on this.
I installed OS X 10.12 on an external drive. I'd like to now swap the internal drive with the external drive. Will this work?  --- UPDATE  Thanks. for anyone else who is interested.   OS X installed on an external will indeed work when added as an internal drive You CANNOT install Windows (via bootcamp) on an external drive A windows bootcamp installed on an internal drive cannot be booted when used as an external drive
I trying to source an HD68 (Female) -> HE68 (Female) SCSI cable (2 meters) with one end of the cable with a 90 degree angle for an instrument we are using.  If does not matter if the 90 is a right of left as we are only concerned with the clearance from the back of the instrument to the container.  If there is an adapter that does this versus a cable that would work to, though looking around I have been unable to find any cable that match this requirement. Any information on this would be great, thanks!
I'm moving my desktop PC from the basement, to the living room (oh happy day!). The spot I've picked does not have access to an Ethernet port, so I'm shopping around for a pci/e wifi card that will do a couple things for me.    I want to connect the the same router more than one time, in the same vein as a duel network interface card... except using wireless.    My home router is an Asus brand AC1300 router, it throws a N connection in both the 2.4 and 5 bands. I'd like to connect to both bands at the same time, or the same band 2 times.    I'd like to keep my budget under 100usd, no preference on antenna positioning or brand.    ---Disclaimer---     I understand that connecting to the router 2 times will not improve internet speeds, I'm after the local network transfer speeds. I'm also aware that this will not improve signal strength Why do I want this? Well, since you asked... I do several large file transfers multiple times a day... More speed means less downtime.   If this type of hardware doesn't exist, I will end up just running Ethernet upstairs again. I'd like to avoid it, because of reasons.
I am looking for some device that would allow me to use a stenomask without having to hold it with my hand (i.e., to have a hands-free stenomask). I plan to use the stenomask for speech recognition with my computer.  The only options I have found so far are:   Vocedit's Hands Free Mask Stand, which can accommodate either the Martel or the TalkTech stenomask:          The Sylencer SmartMic SM 200 has a snap-on head-strap option available, but the strap is not comfortable.   They do seem to have some plan to improve the hands-free option though, according to this Facebook comment:      Phil Kaufman's Voxrite hands-free option, but they do not to sold their hands-free device anymore (I was told they might sell them again in the future, to be checked in ~six months).     What are other devices achieving that goal?  Any price is good.
Any recommendations on a fanless mini itx board with a 4x-16x PCI-E slot? Something a few years old ideally, as I need to keep costs down.  Current set-up is with a fanless Asus J1800-c, which runs really well, but only has a 1x PCI-E slot.  I've set-up OpenBSD on this system with no problems so far and was going to go on and repurpose an Cisco EA2700 as a wireless AP/ethernet switch...   But  Have decided a one-box solution would be better. Acquired an Intel 4 port GB Ethernet card... then to my horror realised it required a 4x PCI-E as minimum.  Have been out of the system-building game for so long I hadn't realised the slot had changed so much!   The board spec must have a low watt power passive CPU. A celeron would be fine, as with the J1800-C. Must also have 1 gigabit ethernet port.  Would ideally take the 4gb RAM, which is laptop style ddr3-1333, and low volatge (1.35v), and ideally have at least 1xUSB3 port, 1 gigabit ethernet port, and one SATA3 port.  5 years old at most, as it needs more juice than a simple router/firewall requires, due to running snort and various other in-line traffic sniffing stuff.  I'm currently running the machine on a 90w pico-psu, and its stable. But suspect that won't be sufficient when the intel 4-port ethernet is added, as it requires about 10w.  So the lower the power draw of the cpu/m'board, the better.  Thank you.
I want to install an outdoor surveillance camera. I looked into many models, but all have rather strange, i.e., non-outdoor, operating conditions they are specified for.   Typically they have a temperature range of -20°C to 50°C (-4°C to 122°F). The upper-bound of all models i looked at is more than fine for central Europe, but the lower bound is not. Temperatures below -20°C are quite common where I live. Some cameras go down to -30°C (e.g., the UniFi Models). This is okay, but leaves only a small margin of error.  The next strange thing is the "operating humidity". Virtually all models I have found have something like 20 - 90% noncondensing. Even the water-proofed ones!?? We have fog over here. I do not live in England, but fog is still common here.   Any recommendations what to use? Concerning the other specs, I do not need much. A resolution of 1280x720 (or more) is fine. Night vision is nice, but not necessary. WiFi would be great, but I could also run a cable (since it already needs to be powered somehow). PoE is also optional.
The core process of the company is running on a 4 year old server, and at this point the I.T. Staff got the budget to buy a new server. The core process is a web app with intensive writing/reading from a poorly structured MySQL database, that's why we need a good match between a powerful processor and an excellent drive to keep the process running until the database is remodeled.  We got two offers one from a DELL retailer and another from HP.   DELL PowerEdge T630 Server ($5196 USD):   Intel Xeon E5-2650 v4 x1 2.2GHz 30M Cache (12 Cores) -  RAM 16x2 GB RDIMM -  800GB Solid State Drive SATA Mix Use MLC 6Gbps 2.5in Hot-plug Drive   HPE ProLiant DL180 Gen9 ($4692 USD):   Intel Xeon E5-2620 v4 x2 2.1GHz 20M Cache (8 Cores Each) - RAM 16x2 GB RDIMM -  240GB Solid State Drive SATA RI-2 LFF SCC SSD -  1TB HP HDD 6G SATA 3,5" 7,2K SC MDL  As you can see, the HP brings two processors, but it is relatively low in price, which gives me confusion.  Taking into account that the fact that this database is poorly structured, implies that it is necessary to resolve queries as fast as possible (speed per core) and also many queries simultaneously (number of cores); which one would you recommend?. Thanks in advance.
I am a freelance programmer. I am going to be in Switzerland in January, so I can buy my hardware there.  I would like to purchase a gaming notebook.  It must run windows 10: I can install it myself but if there are no drivers, I cannot install it. I run Linux in an OS box.    At least 8GB RAM It should be able to contain my 1TB SSD Warranty is not a concern Around $2000 USD, not strict 15" screen or bigger 1920x1080 resolution or higher (horizontal/vertical may NOT be lower than 1920/1080!!) Weight is not a concern   I can also purchase in France or Germany.
I am looking for a wireless presenter (a.k.a. Powerpoint Clicker, Presentation Remote Control Pen) with the shortest travel distance and lowest actuation force possible. In other words, a wireless presenter  that requires as little force as possible to push the buttons. The wireless presenter I'm looking for does not need to be mechanical, though.  The wireless presenter just needs to have at least the basic features:   one button for the previous slide one button for the next slide one button for laser pointer it should be compatible with Microsoft Windows it should be wireless.   I don't mind about the size, shape  and weight as long as I can hold it in one hand for one hour.  The price should be below 100 USD.  I have unsatisfyingly tried the following devices:   Inateck 2.4GHz Wireless Pointer Control Powerpoint Presentation Remote Control Clicker Presenter Pen, Cordless Powerpoint Slide Changer for Presentations - Remote Control Range: Up to 66ft, Black: the actuation force is too high (well above 50 cN) Wireless Presenter, Doosl® Wireless Presenter, RF 2.4GHz Powerpoint Clicker Presentation Remote Control Pen. : the actuation force is too high (well above 50 cN)   I am aware that there exist presentation tools, such as Niftio, have features that can allow to use a phone as a wireless presenter, but I would prefer not to have to rely on a phone.
Can someone suggest a cheap backup drive that holds maybe 1 tape for backups, is still sold, still popular, and is likely to still be accessible on it or another model in another 10 years?
I'm looking for a desktop configuration. Primary use would be processing photographs in Lightroom and Photoshop (very basic). As far as I read in such use cases graphic card is far less important than fast memory, a fast CPU and a fast disk.  I was thinking about the following configuration:   CPU: Intel Core i5-6600K BOX 3.5GHz, 6MB  Memory: Patriot Viper 4 DDR4 DIMM 2x8GB 3000MHz  SSD: ADATA 256GB SP600 SSD HD: WD 1TB 64MB SATA III  DVD: LG GH24NSD1 BLACK RECORDER DVD SATA   EDIT:  Now, I am looking for motherboard for this configuration. It must:   have graphic card built-in have a possibility to connect external graphic card in the future have 4 DIMMs slots seat a core i5-6600K have WiFi built-in have a space for CPU cooler, because the mentioned i5 doesn't have it's own cooler preferrably ATX budget ~130 USD   What motherboard would you recommend?
I recently learned by chance about the GPD Win, a "laptop fitting in your pocket".    I had been looking for a portable machine with joystick/controllers that I could take on a crowded metro, and that could allow me to play some of the game titles of my Steam collection, and GPD Win seems to be an excellent candidate. However, this Reddit forum seems to suggest that the machine requires a number of tweaks to be taken the most of.  Are there more user-friendly similar products, in the sense that they do not require customizations to provide the best "nomad Steam gaming" experience?
I am looking to build a new webserver and am in need of some hardware advice. Currently I have a Dell Poweredge 1950 with Dual Xeon E5345, Win 2008, 16GB RAM,  very solid server, zero problems. It is now several years old and time to upgrade not only the Hardware but to the latest OS. I don't want to upgrade unless I can get a server with hardware RAID 5 for the latest Samsung 960 NVMe m.2 / u.2 512GB Drives x 4.  Here are my requirements, not set in stone except #2:   1U Dell or other quality comparable server 2 U if needed but prefer 1U Capable of utilizing 4 m.2 / u.2 NVME drives with Hardware RAID controller 64GB RAM Dual Intel Xeon processors... Might not be needed but I guess would prefer Redundant Power Supplies Dual LAN cards Installing Windows Server 2016   Thanks
'm actually a bit disappointing about the new MacBook Pro (with Touch Bar). I found this new device very attractive for many reasons. However, it is not supported under Ubuntu (Linux). I think seriously return this computer and buying a new one. I'm writing this question to get some recommendations. I'm looking for a new computer having 3.3 GHz Intel Core i7, at least 16 GB RAM, more than 500 GB (flash memory) of capacity. Moreover, I'm using computer for doing programming (Python, MySQL, TensorFlow). Could anyone recommend me a good computer in considering those specifications? I thought maybe about the new computer Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon.  In fact, I start a new project that could take between four and six years to realize; hence, I just want the best computer (don't care about the price)  Thanks for your help!
Current processor is:  AMD Athlon II X2 240  Current Motherboard is:  DPJ Indonesia MP-A880GD23 V1.1  I am looking for a CPU with around twice the benchmark potential. I will be reusing the same motherboard, so matching the CPU socket is essential.  In searching for a CPU, I have found what seems to be conflicting information which states that the CPU is an AM2+/AM3 CPU.  If there is more than one CPU available, please list them so I may choose which one I would prefer.  According to Belarc the memory module is  6144 Megabytes Usable Installed Memory  Slot 'DIMM0' is Empty Slot 'DIMM1' is Empty Slot 'DIMM2' has 2048 MB (serial number SerNum02) Slot 'DIMM3' has 4096 MB (serial number SerNum03)   I have no idea whether the motherboard support AM2+ or AM3 port. I have o idea whether the memory is DDR3 or DDR2  The motherboard is so old it's not produced anymore.  My CPU-z says I am using AM3 slot
I'm looking for a similar AMD cheap modern replacement of this card (Radeon HD 4870 1-Gb 256 bit GDDR5) for my old computer but i'm not very sure about the way to go. Price between (50$-100$)  What modern AMD card would have a similar or better performance and work with my computer in that price range?  The PC specs are:   Intel Quad Q9550 2.83 Ghz RAM: 4 Gb 1333 MHz Motherboard: ASRock G41C-GS PSU: 750 W
As you can already see in the title, I'm searching for an (alternative) power adapter which is compatible to my Lenovo IdeaPad Flex 15.    My old power supply was the original included one, when I brought the notebook. Unfortunately, I've lost my old one and need a replacement. I've asked the Lenovo support, if it is possible to get a new one that matches my device. Yes it was, but I found out it was too expensive.  After a short search I saw these https://www.google.co.uk/?gws_rd=ssl#q=universal+notebook+adapter universal notebook adapter. The price and the idea captured my interest, so I decide that one of these should be my new power supply. However, because of the huge selection and options, I don't know what would work for me. I must also say that I don't have any knowledge about power supplies.  This will become my main power supply, so it should not be for occasional use. Also it should be very versatile to use, because I have many  other different laptops and traveling around the world, so a flexible power input and output would be nice.  What power adapter would you recommend? (I live in Germany)
What's the difference between   Seagate Expansion 5TB Desktop External Hard Drive USB 3.0 (STEB5000100) and  5TB USB 3.0 3,5 Seagate Expansion Desktop, STEB5000200 ?   The first is 50 % price of the second.     https://www.amazon.com/Seagate-Expansion-Deskt…/…/ref=sr_1_1 https://www.amazon.com/Seagate-Expansion-Deskt…/…/ref=sr_1_1
I'm trying to build a workstation with an Intel Core i7 CPU that comes with Iris Pro graphics. From Intel Ark page, the following Core CPUs are shipped with Iris Pro 580:  Core i7-6785R Core i5-6685R Core i5-6585R Core i7-6970HQ Core i7-6870HQ Core i7-6770HQ Core i5-6350HQ   However, I've not been able to find a motherboard from any of the major vendors (ASUS/Asrock/Gigabyte ...) that supports these processors. Could someone recommend one?
If you where to combine 4x titans how many teraflops do you get?  just a pic
I'm looking for wireless headphones with the following properties:   Most importantly: Can capture audio via the microphone at the same time as playing high-quality stereo audio out the headphones.  Very important: Imperceptibly low latency. The two wireless protocols I've seen on the market that accomplish this so far, are AptX Low Latency (with Bluetooth A2DP), and SteelSeries' proprietary protocol with the Siberia 840. I will still buy headphones from another vendor if they can get the latency down similar to these protocols (around 5 to 15 milliseconds is good). Important: Noise cancelling headphones and mic. Important: On-ear or slight over-ear. The shape of the pads I'm looking for is below. Important: The "base station" or "transmitter" should interface with the computer using USB and expose a "sound card" device. Important: Shouldn't be Bluetooth. To the best of my knowledge, Bluetooth audio devices do not, at all, support the duplex audio with stereo audio out at the same time as the mic in. If this is wrong, show me a counterexample! And no, HFP profile doesn't count, because the quality of the playback audio in the headphones is horrifically bad -- about 8 kHz and mono channel with horrible lossy compression. Important: At least 10m range. Nice to have: At least 10 hours of battery life. 8 is okay. Nice to have: Swappable batteries. Not required at all: Support to work with smartphones. This is for high-end audio listening and gaming with a desktop or laptop PC.   Basically I'm looking for something like the Steelseries Siberia 840 but with ear cups of a shape/size similar to the BeoPlay H8.  This is the ideal ear cup shape/size for me, having worn them extensively over the course of a year:      If it weren't for the lack of the        Most importantly: Can capture audio via the microphone at the same time as playing high-quality stereo audio out the headphones.      feature, the BeoPlay H8 would be my Perfect Headset.  How close can I get to the H8's quality/shape/design/size while getting the Most Important feature?
I am looking to build a ssh tunnel device that runs linux. The device is on 24/7 and will act mainly as a tunnel for me to ssh into my intranet at home.  This device needs to have the following specs:   Compatible with linux Wifi card included Able to run 24/7 without overheating Costing under 200 USD.   I am aware of Raspberry Pi but I am also open to suggestions. What would you guys recommend?
Okay, so I have an on-board sound card that I really like. I also have a high quality stereo Bluetooth headset with a built-in microphone that I really like. Now I want them to play together. And also, I want to stop fighting my Bluetooth drivers to get HSP and A2DP to work at the same time.  So here are my requirements:   On the front of my computer are two 3.5mm sockets. A green one for audio output, a red one for microphone input. I want a dongle that would be able to connect to BOTH at the same time. The dongle should be able to pair with my headset, sending audio, and receiving microphone input. Obviously, the headset can't pair with two dongles at once, so it has to be a single dongle. Audio output should be high quality A2DP. This should not conflict with HSP/HFP for the microphone audio. It shouldn't be either/or, but work simultaneously. Should work while charging. I have a free USB port I can use, but obviously, I don't want to have to switch between plugging it in or out constantly. I sometimes watch videos, so lag under 200ms for audio would be needed. I know some systems have >500ms lag, so that's a big no. Optional: If possible, I'd like it to have Bluetooth 4 support.   I've looked around, but all I could find was either transmitters or receivers for A2DP with no support for a headset microphone. Some could even do both, but not at the same time.  Anything you could recommend?
I'm currently during the week at one place (A) and during the weekend at another (B) and have to take my soundcard with me so I can use my surround system + headset at place A and my headset at place B. Now I've decided to look into getting a secondary sound card / audio interface for place B and am asking for recommendations here.  Mandatory requirements:   Must feature at least one 6.3mm / 3.5mm audio jack input Must feature at least one 6.3mm / 3.5mm audio jack headphone output Must use USB for power-supply and data connection to the computer Must suppport Windows (10) Must feature decent quality of the involved audio components Must be able to feed 80 Ohm headphones Must feature at least 48kHz / 16 bit sampling Must stay below 100€ in price, there's no problem at all if the price is around 50€   Optional requirements:   May feature excellent quality of the involved audio components Should feature a 192kHz / 24 bit sampling rate Should be as cheap as possible, but may trade better quality / sampling rates against a higher price
Due to budget constraints I constantly find myself several years behind "current" technology, when it comes to my PC hardware and operating systems. I do, however, make it a point to learn exactly what hardware is required to accomplish a given set of tasks.  Unfortunately, matching system specifications to a given task is often a game. I can't tell you how many times I've been told that I CAN'T accomplish things I regularly do with ease on one of my systems. Often people will speak authoritatively about the absolute need for hardware that is WAY over qualified, and equally over priced for my needs.  With this background I am asking for direct experience with the task I've outlined, to find out what critical specs and PC hardware (CPU type, clock speed, FSB speeds, number of cores, OS, Video card specs) I will need to accomplish one simple thing: Be able to live stream videos, play DVDs, and play various downloaded video/movie files, while driving my TV to its full 1920 x 1080 resolution, and at a reasonable frame rate ( which I assume should be at least 30fps). In addition to the actual specs, it will be a helpful addition to know HOW LONG AGO such specs became pretty common. I.e., if what I need became common place in 2010, that is a helpful reference point.   I probably will want a windows box, if only because I've been intimately acquainted with most MS OS's for many years. I'm also looking for used equipment, because I doubt these tasks really require the latest, greatest machine. Again... not looking for brand recommendations, but the system specifications needed to easilly perform the task.   Note: I have edited both the title and content of this post several times now both for brevity and clarity. For that reason, many comments no longer apply. Also, as the comment thread has already gotten too long, I ask that any further comments or answers at this point be limited to addressing the info I'm seeking.
I'm looking for earbuds with durable wires that will last more than a month. I am a bit desperate to find something that fits all my criteria, so I thought I could receive some recommendations here. All the plugs I've tried so far didn't last very long before the wire got damaged. I think I might be just too aggressive with it. I'm thinking earbuds with textile wire could do the trick, but I'm not really sure.  I'll also consider other headphone types, but prefer earbuds.  They also should meet several requirements:   Designed for street usage (namely listening music from my phone on the street) Should have a headset (mic), so I could answer calls Should not be wireless (I know wireless is a solution to a problem, but I don't want to charge them constantly) Should be compact I'm in EU, so I should be able to find them here. Although I'm open for ordering from US if they are very good.   I would also prefer not to go into the premium options. I'd expect the maximum price to be 150$ - maybe 200$
I need a router for under, say, £50 which is capable of running dd-wrt's OpenVPN server, and still run well.  This is a home router with 2 or 3 devices connected to it at a time, nothing fancy.  I live in the UK. Tried to get an anwer out of dd-wrt forum but no luck yet.
I want to combine 1666 mhz DDR3 4 gb ram with a 1666 mhz DDR3 8 gb ram.  Is there might be problem about it by motherboard and can they work good together?  I want a performance upgrade like %20.  Thank you for your answers.
I have a small business application that I am comparing firewalls for and I'm looking for honest reviews of their performance compared to features.  I'm torn between the FortiGate-60D and the ZyXEL USG110. Obvious that the Fortinet is cheaper than the ZyXEL by $100, as too is the annual licensing for Fortinet. Is that a good indicator that ZyXEL has better services and features?  As far as throughput the ZyXEL shows specs of having better bandwidth throughput than the Fortinet.  This is a relatively small office of 5 computers, a central file server and a netgear wireless R7000. The network is a Gigabit network but incoming internet is only 20Mbps. We do however have 3 times a day an offsite backup of server data, using rSync so not a lot of BW out but a lot of requests to run comparisons.
Definition of "processor:" A CPU that has to be attached to a motherboard. May or may not have integrated graphics. Does not contain other computer parts such as memory (other than parts crucial to the functioning of a modern processor such as registers and cache), sensors, connectors (other than the socket), etc.  Definition of "individually:" Is not contained as part of a mandatory bundle. Is not a part of a "system on a chip" or other similar constructs.  Definition of "can be purchased by the average joe:" Does not require a corporate contract. Does not require a phone call to the company. Does not require a bunch of hoops to be jumped through. Can be bought at a quantity of 1.  Companies that are included in "x86:" Intel, AMD, and other minor x86 manufacturers. (Even though other architectures by Intel such as IA32, etc. are completely different from x86, I am not interested in them)  Other preferable things: Motherboards, Memory, and all of the other components required to make a working personal computer (luxuries excluded) to be available.  This question was asked out of curiosity, but it may have practical applications as I am a very casual hobby operating system developer looking to dabble in non-x86 architectures.  I find it hard to believe that x86 is the only computer architecture that you can actually purchase individual components for and build a personal computer. If that is the case, that is really a shame =(  Further clarification: I am looking for a socketed CPU
BD-R XL vs External HDD for storage of data of long life span?  What I am considering in this question are two options:   BD-R XL (e.g. Verbatim BD-R XL, 4x, 100GB, 5 ks, jewel, printable), cost 75,-EUR External HDD of the same size, 500GB that is, e.g. Verbatim Store 'n' Go USB 3.0 Portable Hard Drive 500GB Black, cost 74,-EUR   It does not have to be Verbatim, is does not have to be only 500GB. These are only examples for direct comparison.  What would you recommend and why?  EDIT1: Budget is unlimited.  EDIT2: The amount of data I would like to store is at maximum 5TB. Starting at 0.5TB right at this moment. The solution should be disk-failure-resistant if it is a RAID array.
I have an Intel® Widi compatible smart tv. Unfortunately, Intel withdrew support for that technology int their latest drivers. So their will never be a display driver that support both Intel WiDi and Vulkan correctly.  I can’t connect the computer with an HDMI cable, (there’s 5m of distance without counting walls).  In the meantime, I have a huge problem at connecting Windows 10.1 to any Miracast system (most of the time, it doesn’t work).  So I want to connect my computer to my TV in the same way I would do with an HDMI cable : I want a device that I would plug on the HDMI output of my computer which would stream video to an another part connected to the TV (through HDMI).  The latency should be low enough to let playing video games through a Bluetooth joystick (while sending 1080p @ 60Hz with stereo output).  I saw several products. But they all cost more than 100€ and/or are not sold in the € currency.
I've been using a Sony Xperia Z2 (6503) with CM12.1. Unlike all my previous phones with CM, outgoing audio quality during calls has been a constant issue, and kept being an issue on the replacement Z2 I got.  So I'm replacing it.  The Z2 and Galaxy S7 will probably give a good idea of the kind of smartphone I'm after, but there's a load of other phones out there beyond those two. Desired features:   Size/form factor/screen: standard high-ish end Android smartphone. Large smartphone or smaller phablet sized. Roughly, 5.2 - 5.99 inch screen (ideally 5.5 - 5.7 ish), and up to about 79 x 170 x 9 mm. I don't need ultra-high res on the screen though. 1080 HD like the Xperia or even a bit less would be fine. SoC/RAM/ROM: The Z2 I'm used to has a Snapdragon 801 (MSM8974AB quad Krait 400 2.3 Adreno 330). I'd like to improve on the CPU side if possible as we're a few years on from this generation, but open minded what to go to. 6-8 cores? 64 bit? I'm open minded and this isn't essentsl, I can "make do" if needed. Ram - at least 3GB (2GB isn't enough). Rom - the usual 16 or 32 GB is fine. Graphics - I don't game so open minded. Phone/data bands: primarily UK but able to handle some international. At minimum, GSM, and for data, GPRS/EDGE/HSDPA/LTE (UMTS 900 (8) / 2100 (1), and LTE 1800 (3) / 2600 (7) / 800 (20). Ideally good choices for EU and USA as well, and ideally a recent version/speed for LTE (Z2 has cat 4). OS: can load custom roms + TWRP, with a stable build of some kind (official or otherwise) out there. Not bothered if it has official CM support as long as there's an AOSP/CM style community rom without major issues that's good to go. Audio: Good clear audio and reception on calls, whether held to ear or on speakerphone, is a must. Other features: most phones of this kind will have the usual WiFi/Bluetooth etc, so I'll skip those. A lot of other details aren't important to me so I've left them out as well.  -- Needs SDcard of some kind, a micro or C USB slot,   -- IP x5+ rating for use in wet conditions (ideally with a screen that isn't completely hopeless in rain - I've read somewhere that some phones have a screen that detects touch moderately well even in rain),   -- decent resilience (gorilla glass or similar, robust build),    -- headphone socket that doesn't share with USB (so both can be used together),    -- good camera for difficult light conditions (fast focus/good sensitivity is a bonus) + front facing camera, that can do 720HD or better,  -- as much GPS capability as it can have (all the networks!).   -- Decent size battery/battery life, as I use it a lot for browsing/news feeds etc.   I'll be buying off EBay, as previously, so models that are readily found 2nd hand online are a good thing. My budget is probably around UK £ 100 - 200, but that's for a good bargain price and for a used phone in good condition up to a year or two old.  Ideally I'm after several models, to put together a shortlist of up to about 5 - 7. But if there's only 1 or 2 stand-out models, that's fine too. I'm open to reading the specs for more if there are any.
I'm looking for a high performance and durable computer to work with. It's primary use is for Statistical Modeling and Analysis.  Likely, I will need to use R, some SQL based programs (SQuirreL, for example), Python for data sets in excess of 2 GB.  I'm not the most computer-hardware oriented person either. If you may offer suggestions on a laptop well-suited for a student entering a Masters or PhD Statistics student, Statistician, or even Data Scientist, that would be great.  This is one of the few posts I've seen publicly discussing this question, but if I am going to invest a decent amount of money into something like this, a second opinion makes more sense here.
A while ago, I asked this question, wondering if there was a good A/V receiver that could meet my needs. I received a helpful answer, but forgot about it because of school.  I'm back looking for A/V receivers, but now that I know they tend to be more expensive, I did another Amazon search and came across this Yamaha device. $350 doesn't seem too bad (it is as expensive as the TV it's powering, but that's alright), and it's rated highly.  The thing is, it has 6 HDMI in; I have three (+1 potential) HDMI devices. There are also 4 digital A/V in, two analog A/V in, plus two more analog audio in. It also has 7.2 surround and a "Zone 2 Party Mode" feature. That's all really nice, but I'm not sure I'll ever need that many inputs and outputs.  I do want to keep BT+WiFi if possible. I can give up the streaming options (BT works around that), but wireless control is handy (my phone does have IR, but that obviously only works in direct line of sight).  This receiver has tons of features, and it's really tempting to buy it because of that. But I don't think I have much use for everything it offers. Is there a more toned-down version of this, that's maybe a little cheaper? I only need four HDMI really, an optical audio in and one or two analog A/V in. 5.1 surround maybe.  I checked out the lower models of the V679, but they're either not available, more expensive than the higher tiers, or not cheap enough to justify the feature loss.
I'm looking to buy a pen to be used with my moto G, and it has to have a fine point because I plan on writing with it.  So I know these kinds of pen work with any capacitive screen and hence it works the moto G. But they're too thick.  So I'm planning on buying one of these. The issue is that the website gives out a list of compatible devices with just a few devices on it (moto G not in it). But my question is: if this is a capacitive pen, shouldn't it work with all capacitive screen devices? Can I be sure that this pen will indeed work?  Also, is there a better option to get a pen that work the 1st gen Moto G phone?  Cheers
I always buy laptops, because I (very rarely) need to work in different locations.  Mainly because I prefer computing from my lap, rather than a desk.  However, I want to be able to add multiple 3.5" harddrives and lots of RAM. I currently have 1tB + 2tB and 16gB. I want much more & since desktop drives & RAM are cheaper, I think that I am looking for a slimline desktop, which I can sit in my lap(!) - but what about a screen?   There are some very expensive laptops which do that, but they are far out of my budget.  Maybe a small, thin desktop? So long as I can squeeze in a few 3.5" drives & lots of RAM, and it doesn't cost too much. I do not need battery power and am happy to be constantly attached to the mains.  But, what about a display? I like the laptop way, attached by hinges. I don't think that a standalone monitor would be conformable, and am looking for something that could be used comfortably in my lap, in an armchair.  Is there such a thing commercially available, at a reasonable price?    [Update] let's totally forget about price and just discuss what it possible.  In any case, I already have the RAM & drives, so I just need a case, capable of 3.5" drive & greater than 16gB RAM. I will buy the lowest specced of that and add my own RAM & drives.  Irrespective of price, the important question is whether there is any such device at all.    Highly priced laptops don't seem to be the way to go. It is looking like a small desktop. One which can sit atop my lap. I *suppose* that I could sit it on the floor beside me  ... actually, the biggest challenge seems to be getting a  screen and keyboard onto my lap (drive a latop from a desktop?).   [Update] I need one again, unless I can find a decent, affordable, laptop
My old(ish) macbook has run out of storage, so I bought an external USB drive. I have installed mac OSX onto it and it is now my main boot drive. I fear the drive USB may come out occasionally given that the macbook is a portable device. Is there anything which can physically keep / lock the USB in place to eliminate this threat?
I am looking for a decent cooler for my i7 6700k. I have not bought the CPU yet. So, if there is a (not that great at terminology) ATX sized cooler that is ~<60 dollars, that would be great.  Unless, of course, the 6700k already has a stock cooler. Please only tell me if it has stock if you have bought it. I have read multiple sites saying it does and doesnt. Pictures would be awesome.  I'm not overclocking, and playing games like Minecraft, FSX, Kerbal Space Program, and Planet Coaster. Also, I use Sony Vegas Pro 14 for video editing and rendering.  Noise is not an issue for me since I'm using headphones.  Thanks!  Edit: thanks to commenters for suggestions.
Aside from the genovation/x-keys specialist keyboards, I am looking for a qwerty keyboard that I can program to shortcuts for software like Photoshop, Sound Forge, Vegas etc.  I'd need the keyboard   to be back lit to have key caps that can be taken off the board (I'd like to sand off the face and apply a transparent print to it) to have software that comes with it (don't have time to use ahk and all that) [edit] be used as a second keyboard without it interfering with my laptop keyboard   Would like it (not necessary)    to be Compact (my laptop is 480mm wide) - something about the same width would be perfect silent keys carry case   I know of the Razer deathstalker, but it doesn't seem I can remove the caps.   [edit] My budget is upto £100.
I have an older Logitech 5.1 speaker system for my computer that uses 3x3.5mm plugs for input. All of my newer computers only have a single 3.5mm output that handles 5.1 + voice (apparently I was mistaken, this is not possible). What kind of converter can I use to funnel all three of those speaker inputs into a single output?  Edits based on comments:   Speaker model is X-540 I'd like to get full 5.1 support with decent quality audio, but if the best we can do within budget is simply get all the speakers working I'll take that solution too. Budget is around $100 but less is always better The speakers will be shared via KVM among 3-4 computers, all with 5.1 support via USB but none with optical/coax
I have a somewhat old Dell Precision T7500 desktop with this 64-bit Intel Xeon CPU: http://ark.intel.com/products/48768  I have been thinking about upgrading this CPU to an Intel i7 CPU.  It looks like this CPU corresponds to this one at cpu-upgrade.com: http://www.cpu-upgrade.com/CPUs/Intel/Xeon/E5645.html  On the right side of above page at cpu-upgrade.com is a link to a "Intel X58 Express" page (under "Intel Xeon E5645 chipset compatibility"). This link leads to this page:  http://www.cpu-upgrade.com/mb-Intel_(chipsets)/X58_Express.html  Above page lists some i7 CPU's as compatible with the chipset on this motherboard.  I have two questions I wanted to ask:   Is this information all I need to determine which version of the i7 CPU I could upgrade to? If not, how can I determine if I need to replace the entire motherboard?
The model of the TV I've got is kind of old, but is pretty big and I'd like to watch movies on it, played from the computer. I'm not a specialist, but does any of you guys have any experience with this situation?
I have been moving my DVD collection to a 2 TB external hard drive, and I was wondering what my options are for viewing the media.  I am not particularly interested in streaming the content since my internet is not great, but I would like to be able to view the shows and movies on my main TV.  One of the most important things is that I want the media to be organized nicely.  So, thumbnails, descriptions (and other meta data), and TV shows ordered my season and episode. A remote would also be nice, but if it can be controlled from an android phone that would be okay too.  For the ports HDMI and USB 3.0 are optimal.  Is there something that is rather inexpensive ($100 or less) that can do this?
I have less than $1K as budget for my project.My project is predicting drug target interaction. I am going to use GPU on vector multiplication of visible layer and   neurons of hidden layer. I have 1007 drugs and 881 substructure of that drug  and 2000 neuons on no. of hidden layer. What I have to do is take one drug and provide its 881 substructures as input and multiply each values to 2000 neorons of one hidden layer again and again. When I did this from normal laptop just by using 200 drugs It took me 7 days. So I am thinking of using GPU and reducing time.  SO please suggest what type of GPU do I need. Thank You.
I am building my Deep Learning machine at home. My dilemma is whether to buy a Titan X Pascal or a GTX 1080 (in which case I can buy 2 extra monitors). So my question is what things I will not be able to do on a 1080 that I can do in a Titan X?
With nvidia, manufacturers makes small changes to the original design : this is things like the clock speed or the memory size.  I want a gtx nvidia card based on the pascal micro‑architecture : this means I want :   an underclocked GeForce 1080 which consumes less than 160W Or a Geforce 1070 which uses GDDR5x memory.
I am looking for an indoor camera with the following requirements:   night vision with infrared  (i.e. can see in a 100% dark room) no Internet access needed  save video (e.g. on an SD card) at least 480p doesn't need to have a microphone but it is ok if it has one   I don't have a hard threshold on the price but below 100 USD sounds reasonable.  My use case: I am performing a study on sleep positions with several human subjects. Understandably, they want privacy, which an Internet access cannot guarantee.    I have found many cameras satisfying all requirements except the no Internet requirement, e.g.:   YI Dome Camera Pan/Tilt/Zoom Wireless IP Security Surveillance System 720p HD Night Vision (US Edition) FDT 720P HD WiFi Pan/Tilt IP Camera Zmodo 720p HD WiFi Wireless Smart Security Camera Two-Way Audio   Related but different: Security camera that doesn't use a third party
I'm new to speaker amplifiers and have been reading up on them. Basically, I need an amp that preferably can deliver about 30 wattsx2 at 6 ohms, has treble&bass controls, and has a nice sound quality. Budget tops out at about 50 dollars if it's really worth it.   If there's any other things you think are important for such an amp, feel free to mention them and look for an amp with that too. Thanks!
We're in the market for a Windows laptop or tablet to replace Father's ancient (nine years old!) desktop but we have some very stringent requirements:   If the device is a laptop, the (touch) display must be detachable from the keyboard. A 2-in-1 laptop with a display that merely folds back does not meet this requirement. If the device is a tablet, it must have a kickstand and support a keyboard accessory that attaches directly to the tablet. The system should be lightweight and reasonably compact, preferably with a display between 11" and 12.5" in size and a tablet-only (keyboard detached) weight of no more than about 1.0-1.2 lbs. The system should have good sustained performance. A Core i3/i5/i7 processor (type U) is preferable; systems equipped with an Atom processor do not meet this requirement, and Core m processors (type Y, e.g. m5-6Y54) are less than ideal.   I may be willing to settle for Core m, but only if the processor maintains reasonable clock speeds under continuous load (e.g. throttling down to something like 1.2 GHz after a few minutes of load is not acceptable).  The tablet-only battery life should be at least six hours under a typical light load such as Web browsing or video playback. 250 GB+ storage capacity, active pen input, and discrete GPU are pluses, but are by no means necessary. Price should be no more than US$2000 new.   The Surface Pro 4 with Core i7, 8GB RAM, and 256GB SSD ($1600) seems to fit these requirements best, but I'm concerned that it may be a bit too heavy.  Any ideas? The first two requirements and the sustained performance requirement are the only ones that are truly mandatory; some compromises elsewhere may be acceptable.
Typical graphic card draws power from PCIe slot (up to 75W) and the rest is taken from auxiliary 6 or 8 pin connectors (PEG). I have a non-conforming motherboard that says "25W max" on PCIe slot, hence I'm looking for a card that takes close to 100% of its power draw from the PEG(s).   Please note that I'm NOT looking for a card with 25W total power. Total power is not limited, only the balance between PCIe and PEG. A GTX1070 at best.  I know about powered riser, I consider using it as a fallback option in case such card doesn't exist.  Description of my system for those who are curious: It's a Thin-mini-ITX and as such it's not supposed to support any graphic card. Board is Gigabyte GA-H81TN. As Thin specs call for, this board is powered by external 19V supply and all the ATX voltages required by PCIe slot are derived by onboard regulator. The 25W limit is the limit of this regulator which is part of the board and not replaceable. I also have 200W Dell DA-2 12V/18A brick to provide 12V to the card via PEG, similarly to external gpu via thunderbolt hack. I know that with only 4 lanes the performance won't be stellar, and the very point of a Thin system is to be very small - but I want to give it a try just for kicks. There is no chasis, as it's just one board so it sits on the desk on an insulating mat, which means that there are really no limits on the card except from PCIe power draw.  /edit: As I've just learned, the PCIe power limit is tied to card length. Cards shorter than 16x are not supposed to ever draw more than 25W. The slot is open-ended but it's a 4x slot nevertheless so the power limit is something to be actually expected.
I have an ancient hard drive from an old HP laptop. I haven't looked at it in years. But now I want to get the old data off that hard drive. I have been to all of my local electronics shops but none of them sell an adapter that fits my hard drive.  Does anyone know of a SATA-like adapter that will allow me to pull my old data off via USB or something?  Here are some specs from the Model number: General Product Information:  Manufacturer: Fujitsu  Manufacturer Website: www.Fujitsu.com  Manufacturer Part No: MHV2120BH  Product Type: Internal Hard Drive  Product Specifications:  Storage Capacity: 120GB  Spindle Speed: 5400RPM  Drive Interface: SATA 1.5Gbps  Form Factor: 2.5Inch  Cache: 8MB    Holding the hard drive.    Picture of the female piece. This is what I pulled the hard drive out of.
I'm currently looking for a new monitor for gaming and watching movies.  The resolution should be WQHD (2560x1440) or WQXGA (2560x1600) as I fear that with a 4k monitor my  GTX1070 graphics card would hit the limit on newer games to soon.  The size should be between 24" and 27". I don't have enough space on my desk for a bigger or ultra wide screen.  The monitor should have an IPS panel, because I usually lie on my bed when watching movies. So the viewing angles of TN panels would be problematic.  I don't have an specific requirements for the refresh rate. 60Hz will be enough, but more wouldn't hurt either.  The monitor must have at least 2 connectors. One HDMI and one Display Port would be optimal, but an other configuration shouldn't be a problem with adapters.  As I don't do any image or video editing, I have no special requirements for the color space.  G-Sync sound nice, but as I usually don't play many fast paced games, it isn't a requirement.  Also integrated speakers would be a plus, but are not necessary.  My biggest concern: For basically every monitor I've look at so far, there are lots of reviews (on Amazon) from customers that have problems with backlight bleeding or uneven backlighting. Are there any ways of reducing the chance to get a monitor with these problems, or monitors that fit my requirements and are known to rarely have these problems?  My price limit is 900 €. But if there are offers for slightly more, that guarantee not backlight bleeding and no dead pixels that might be ok too.  Previously there was a hardware dealer who offered a zero backlight bleeding and zero dead pixel guarantee for an additional 200 €, but unfortunately that dealer went out of business some time ago, and I haven't found an other one with such an offer.
By "work", I mean recognizing clicks, taps, multi-finger clicks, multi-finger taps, simultaneous horizontal and vertical scroll using 2 fingers, pinch to unzoom and vice versa.  By multi-finger, I think 3 fingers recognition is enough. 4 is a bonus :) Example: 3 fingers tap to work as the middle click to fast close browser tabs or opening links in a new tab.  By external, I mean not built-in laptop touchpads.  So, know such a touchpad working on Ubuntu?  * I tried posting the same question on askubuntu.com but was put on hold and someone recommended posting the question on Hardware Recommendations.  What I found so far:   Logitch Touchpad T650 supports some gesture but not all. Requires a firmware update that can be done only on Windows :( Apple Magic Trackpd 1 - Found a 5 years old answer and one open question of late. Apple Magic Trackpd 2 - couldn't find info on Ubuntu/Linux support.
There are two I am seriously considering, Logitech UE 4500 and Logitech Artemis G933, but I have no idea how to compare them.   They are both wireless (a must) They are both made by logitech (optional) They are both 7.1 (a must) They both contains mic (a must)   The reason I like logitech is because I want their universal receiver. So basically I want one universal receiver for keyboard, mouse, and headphones. I do not want a bluetooth one (as another mode is okay). Quality of bluetooth sound is not good.  I prefer the one using real batteries rather than something you can charge. The purpose is for gaming.  Which one should I choose?  Price should be around $200. The cheaper the better. However, if there is a better feature on more expensive one please tell me and I may consider.  For some reason logitech doesn't list ue 4500 at all on it's website. I wonder why.
I hope this is the right SE, otherwise I might post it on electrical.  I am searching for a voltmeter with a digital output, either RS232 or USB. The ones I came around are very costly for my purpose.  This is what I do now: To measure the voltage of a lead acid battery I use a Raspberry Pi with a MCP3208 ADC and some resistors. It works, but it is a bit of an overkill for such a simple task in my opinion.  The search term "usb voltmeter" leads mostly to USB adapters which show the voltage/current of an attached USB device. Which is not what I want or need.  I don't want to pay more than 50 €, as you can get the RPi for less.  Although not critical, a small device would be preferred.
I have been using an all-in-one printer/scanner/copier that meets most of my needs.  I just bought color catridges for it.  But the big detraction to this device is that it does not have an automatic document feeder for the scanner.  It also cannot scan both sides of the document.  Furthermore, it takes about 45 seconds to scan a single page of text.  Consequently, my pile of "to scan" has grown to well over 100 pages.  I'm tempted to pick up a dedicated sheet-fed document scanner, but I don't have the space to add another sizeable device.  So I'm primarily looking at two options (and am open to other possibilities):   Replace the current all-in-one with an inexpensive all-in-one that includes a sheet feeder and can perform double-sided scans. Keep the current all-in-one and add a hand-held document scanner that can scan a text document quickly (let's say 10 seconds per page).   I scan 95% of documents in monochrome, 4% in color, and 1% in invisible ink that only the cat can see.  I'm looking to spend as little as possible.  I rarely print anything: 1-2 pages per day, at most.  I do like the ability to print in color.  I generally print from Windows.  Fax functionality is nice, but definitely not required.  Can you recommend hardware to satisfy either option (above), or recommend a third option?
I need to fit a fully-functioning mobo with an LGA1151 cpu socket and a PCI-E x16 slot for my gpu and at least 2 RAM slots in a 11 x 5.5 x 7 case. It also has to have a maximum RAM capacity of at least 32GB. No need for fancy stuff like LED controllers or anything though. Just the bare functional basics, because it will be in a very closed off case, so it doesn't need to look nice at all. Does anyone know of a 1: Very small but full-featured motherboard, or 2: a company that would be willing to manufacture 1-2 motherboards of a very small size for a couple hundred dollars. Any other options would also help, but those are the main 2 things I'd be looking for. My budget per board is around $250, give or take a bit.  EDIT: I've read around a bit, and I've figured out that it will probably be way too much money to make a mobo, but what about modding an already made one?
I don't know much about CPU benchmarks and hardware specifications - I'm looking at laptops capable of running several VMWare instances. These instances have 2-4 GB of RAM allocated to each. They perform low-moderate intensity tasks but aren't doing anything niche like video encoding or graphics work.  I currently have a ThinkPad Edge with a i7-4702MQ, 8GB of RAM, and a (failing) 5400rpm hard drive. It's due for a replacement.  Here are the list of things I believe I need for this laptop - - Intel processor with 15W TDP, pref. i7.  - 14" or smaller screen, the smaller and lighter the better. - M.2 SSD capability, preferably NVMe - Preferably 16GB RAM but 1x8GB would be okay to upgrade - 1080p screen - Australian retailer - $1500-2000 budget  Something from the Dell Latitude line would be nice but I'm likely unaware of some decent brands out there.
Im after a case fan that i can use with the motherboards controll. I currently have   Current configuration   Coarsair carbide 100r silent edition http://www.corsair.com/en-au/carbide-series-100r-silent-edition-mid-tower-case Motherboard Gigabyte H170-H3D   The case fans are 3 pin and appear not to be compatible with the motherboard controlls  So far i've considered    Noctua NF-S12A PWM 120mm 1200RPM Case Fan NF-S12APWM Corsair CO-9050040-WW ML120 Pro 120mm Premium Magnetic Levitation Fan Corsair CO-9050042-WW ML120 PRO LED Red 120mm Premium Magnetic Levitation Fan   But im not really sure here, does the magnetic levitation add anything? Is it a problem that the Noctua is a little slower on the total RPM.  Also there are alot of specs around fans such as static pressure and high air flow etc, how much does this matter  As for usage of the pc, does not have a graphic card, may get one one day, no overclocking.   In essence   Want to replace fan with one that can be controlled through a 4 pin connector Would like it to be a bit quieter, color optional if does not comprimise the following too much
I have seen a video where people had a touch-enabled laptop connected via USB-C to a hi-res monitor. They were drawing on the laptop's touch-enabled screen using a pressure-sensitive pen. Both the laptop and the monitor were showing the same image in Photoshop. I would like to replicate this setup.  So basically instead of buying a Wacom tablet, I'm looking at buying a laptop that would serve as a digitizing tablet.  I think there are several touch-screen technologies and also several pen technologies, so my question is:   which touch-screen and pen technologies offer the highest precision and the biggest range of features for working in Photoshop ?   Ideally I would like something that is compatible with Windows Ink. But the purpose right now is to use this hardware with Photoshop CC
I'm looking for a compact mATX case for a NAS system. One that I can stick in a corner somewhere and forget about (figuratively).  I have done some research into this, but all results I found that were less than 50 USD only had three or fewer drive bays. I found a few mATX cases with four 3.5" bays, but they were out of my budget range.  Necessary Requirements:   Four bays for 3.5" HDDs Front Panel USB 2.0 Less than $50 USD (lower is better, new not used) Approx. 3 inches of clearance for the CPU fan (~76mm)   Optional, but would be nice:   Cube/LAN box style Dust Filters From Amazon.com   Any suggestions?  Thanks!
Im looking for a cheap, portable and durable Laptop to run Linux on. I have been searching quite a bit and found the Lenovo Thinkpad x220. I know Thinkpads are supposed to be great with linux and really durable. It's 12.5 Inches which is a good size. I would buy it here for 199€ and then I would buy a 120gb SSD from amazon for about 45€. But for the same money I would also get a chromebook, which is lighter and has better battery life. I just dont know how well it would behave under Linux for the things I want to do.  The things I want to do:   Put Arch Linux on it with i3wm Web browsing including streaming video from youtube, netflix... basic Java programming (but nothing intense) HTML, CSS editing and stuff like that Libre Office Thunderbird for email maybe play some unintense steam indie games or emulate Nintendo DS games   Should I go with a used thinkpad or get a new chromebook? Which Chromebooks are a good alternative here?
I hope that I can get a solution for my issue.  I have two computers:  One is an AsusN56VJ laptop, a little bit old:  The configuration is:   i5 323M (2 physical cores with 4 threads) 2.6 GHz. 6 GB of RAM at 1067 MHz (1*4GB and 1*2GB) 500 GB of HDD NVidia Geforce 635m (VRAM: 2 GB)   My second computer is a PackardBell desktop:   E5700 (2 cores, 3 GHz) 4 GB of RAM 120 GB SSD HD 6750 graphical card (2 GB).   So what I want is to buy a new computer, but I hesitate between a laptop and a desktop because I have those two computers.  What should I do? Because I want a computer which can run 2016 games and do some programming stuff, I see that I can't upgrade my desktop on the contrary of my laptop where I can upgrade to 32 of RAM at 1600 MHz and a new SSD.   I'm asking if it is a wise choice to upgrade a my laptop to 16 GB of RAM knowing that I have a processor with only 2 physical cores.  If you were in my place, what would you do? I have between 800 and 1000 dollar.
Does there exist an ergonomic split keyboard, like this:    But where the keys don't stop at the 'official' typing boundary. Sometimes I want to type a B with my right hand, and these kinds of keyboards make it infuriating.  Note that Apple realised split keyboards should have duplicated keys - the iPad split keyboard has (invisible) duplicates:  Are there any physical keyboards that do the same thing, or at least duplicate the B (it's exactly in the middle on many keyboards and Apple even put it on the right side of their split keyboard)?
I've installed CrashPlan for a lot of my family, and given some of them USB flash drives for local backup, which works pretty well, but I also want to setup a long-term off-site backup, for which I figured the easiest thing would be to setup a 24/7 backup server in my own house with a 4TB drive.  I bought an Intel Compute Stick CS125, and a Seagate Backup Plus Portable 4TB drive, but when I plug it into the USB 3 port, it doesn't work, seemingly due to the power requirement... it connects and disconnects unltiple times and then crashes the little computer.  I'm wondering if anybody can recommend another cheap, low power computer that has enough power for 4TB drive, and enough processing power to run crashplan, or perhaps recommend another 4TB drive that might use less power?  If all else fails, it does seem to work fine on the USB 2.0 port, but I would prefer to have a device that can actually power USB 3.0 devices properly.  Seems like a failing of the CS125 to me... I don't want a poorly designed device...
I'm planning to buy a new laptop since my current PC(Lenovo U430) is kind of slow when it comes to gaming and video editing. My current budget is $1,000 to $1,500, after researching, I'm planning to buy one of these brands: Alienware 13 inch(latest model) or Macbook Pro 13 inch(with retina display) only.Question: Which brand or model should I be buying that is compatible and worth it for a little gaming, graphic design, video editing(no lagging while editing or checking the video preview in After Effects or Premiere Pro) with my current budget? Aliewanre or Macbook?  Here's the link to Alienware 13 inch list of models: http://www.dell.com/en-us/shop/productdetails/alienware-13-laptop?~ck=mn  Here's the link to Macbook Pro 13 inch list of models: http://www.bestbuy.com/site/searchpage.jsp?st=macbook+pro+retina+display+13&_dyncharset=UTF-8&id=pcat17071&type=page&sc=Global&cp=1&nrp=&sp=&qp=&list=n&af=true&iht=y&usc=All+Categories&ks=960&keys=keys  Comment your answer with the link or the brand and specs of the model.  Thank you very much !
I have a Dell Poweredge R900 that runs great with only one complaint. I can't add in extra video. I have searched around for how to do this and so far I ran into multiple threads that address everything but what the asker is looking for.  I am looking for ways to force the bios to actually see the extra video cards, which it doesn't even show a grey out option for them.  Else I am looking for a server that will take my 4 x7460 CPUs and my 32 sticks of ram that I already have for the R900, and also support (or can be modified to support) addon video cards. I don't have a wad of cash to toss to a new system so I have to go this route for my development projects.  Otherwise I am open to suggestions of a server that is relatively cheap similar specs or better than the R900 I currently have that supports extra video. I can't spend a fortune else I'd get the R930 and solve all my issues.  It is said that it is a pointless venture to turn a server into a desktop but no one addresses the "how".  For my purposes it would be 100% perfect to utilize this machine as more of a multi monitor desktop. So I am basing this question on this criteria:  1) It is my furnace for my house. Even tho it kicks out about 1/3 the recommended BTU, it keeps the house comfortable. I have it tied directly into the heating system with a large bank of server fans pushing the air into the heating system. So heat is not a concern. (This shaves off $200 from my heating bill by not using the real furnace)  2) I like the noise. I sleep better with white noise. (I also run 2 Xservers in my room).  3) It has 24 cores at 2.66GHz and 64GB ram. FAR more than my desktop. I do more multi application/multi monitor work than I do gaming, so performance is not a key issue. I code, compile, web design which requires for convenience to have upwards to 6 monitors or more running. (Which the desktop can almost do, but then it's a CPU/RAM issue)  4) The extra PCIe cards I would use are 1x Nvidia 610. So Voltage/wattage is not a concern. As well as plenty of performance for minimal gaming. WoW and EverQuest runs on a Xserve embedded video just fine which if I recall is the same as the R900. So the addon cards would be even better.  For CPU performance my 4x 7460 xeon cpu rate MUCH higher than my I7 on Passmark tests. (xeons score around 12k, whereas my I7 scores around 8.7k with a overall rank of the quad xeons being twice that of the I7)
I just purchased a tented split keyboard to alleviate some of the repetitive stress on my hands from typing, which I use with my MacBook Pro. It's working great overall, but I'm annoyed by the need to move my right hand off of the keyboard in order to scroll.   Using PgUp/PgDown or Space/Shift-Space is insufficient for my needs, because I've become accustomed to analog control of scrolling, and the visual jump of scrolling a whole page -- not to mention losing sight of the last thing I was looking at, or even jumping past a bit of content (very common on websites with a fixed top navigation) -- is too disorienting.  To solve this, I would love to have a small analog pointing device, i.e. a scroll wheel or joystick or trackpoint or trackpad, that I could clip onto the side of my keyboard and manipulate with my index finger or thumb. It would have to have its own Bluetooth support or at least be easy to use with a USB-to-Bluetooth adapter.  I don't necessarily need the device to be ready-to-clip, as mounting could be jerry-rigged with binder clips or solved with a custom 3D printed part.  If there's anything that occurs to you that would fulfill my need but doesn't conform to the description above, I'd love to hear about it. (Perhaps I will have to take apart a cheap Bluetooth mouse and just keep the scroll wheel and PCB.)
I am in the process of designing a cryptographic Proof of Storage (PoS) that relies on single threaded computation of SHA256 hashes. In practice, my algorithm is equivalent to computing for some string S the value SHA256^N(S) = SHA256(SHA256(SHA256(...(SHA256(S)))).  This forces anything computing that function to use only one thread, as each SHA256 step needs the output of the previous as input.  Now, I know that ASIC miners exist that can compute SHA256 hashes at an enormous rate. This, however, is due to their parallelism: completing Proofs of Work (i.e., finding zeros of hash functions) is an embarassingly parallel problem and can be computed very fast on massively parallel devices. This is not what I am looking for.  What I am looking for is the fastest device that would be able to compute my function, i.e., single-threaded computation of a SHA256, then the SHA256 of its output, the SHA256 of the result and so on.  I thought that maybe in this case the best hardware would be the fastest CPU in terms of single threaded performance: I found here that Intel Core i7-7700K could be a good place to start looking for.  Is there any other known specialized hardware device that could carry out the task faster?
I need a belt-mounted device with about 5 buttons which can communicate wirelessly with a computer. Specifically, when the user presses a button I need to be able to detect it in my Unity application so I can trigger certain events.  The device will be used while the user is being tracked by a motion capture system (either a Kinect or a mocap suit), so ideally it would be easy to press buttons without the need to look down at it.  Something like a Wireless Numeric Keypad would be ideal on the software side as I'd be able to just treat it like a regular keyboard in Unity, but physically it's larger than I'd like and I don't need nearly that many buttons. It would also require a bit of work to mount on a belt (though that's not much of an issue).
I need a wireless router that can spoof MAC addresses.   I want to connect to a network which only allows certain MAC addresses. I have access to this network with the MAC address of my Ethernet adapter. Now I want to connect to the network also with my wireless adapter.   So I need the functionality to spoof the MAC address of my WIFI adapter when connected to the wireless router which is connected to the restricted network.  Most wireless routers I know of do not support this feature. Is there one that does?
I would like to buy a webcam to use for computer vision. It should cost no more than $35, preferably around $20, and have high resolution and low sensor noise. a 1920x1080 sensor would be ideal. It must also be usable in OpenCV on Ubuntu, or another Linux distribution.   My research has led me to the A4TECH PK-900H, which is quite cheap, but I don't know if it supports Ubuntu or not. Are there any high quality webcams that support Ubuntu, or another Linux distribution, and costs around $20?
I am preparing to build a new tower, the first in a long time, and am aiming for it to be a "baseline" for upgrades for a long time.  It will be used with a dual boot Windows 7 / Debian, Windows for gaming and Debian for everyday tasks (multimedia) and programming (nothing CPU intensive yet).  The goal is to have it built for a relatively low price, performance be damned now if must be since I don't have a lot of PC games yet, but I value the future proofing above all.  I am hesitating between three processor, the difference in price is not that huge, but the sockets are different, and I'd like to know that when time's come, I ll not have to buy a new motherboard with the next processor too because I have choosen the wrong socket. I'd also would like to have the more bang for my buck, since I am on a tigh budget for my ambitions.   i7-5820K, socket 2011-v3, 440€ i7-7700K, socket 1151, 410€ i7-4790K, socket 1150, 400€   EDIT:  To clarify a few point, my main worry is to, in some year when the processor will start to get old, have to change the motherboard with it because of a change of socket, followed by changing something else because X is not compatible with the new motherboard, and things cascading in buying almost a new PC. I am also not in a hurry, so if the release date of a new socket type that will be supported longer is scheduled for soon (<1year), I am also comfortable waiting for it.
I recently bought the Galaxy Tab S2, 9.7" (T813; Android Marshmallow) thinking I could simultaneously charge it and read files from a standard USB drive using a cable such as one found here.     However, once I got my tablet and went to buy the above cable, I saw in the comments that it does not charge the tablet (the female micro USB extension must just read micro USB drives). I've looked at countless cables like the one above, and all of them say the same thing in the comments - they do not charge the tablet (parent device).    For work, I keep my files on a standard USB, as I use multiple devices on a given day and need to be able to access my files on all of them (cloud isn't an option for me for various reasons, so please do not recommend that as a solution). Thus, there will be instances where I'll need to charge my tablet and simultaneously read files from a USB drive.   Basically, I need a cord that looks exactly like the one at the above link, but where the female micro USB port actually charges the tablet (parent device) when the micro USB charging cable is plugged into it (and obviously the female standard USB reads files from my USB drive).   Does anyone know of a cable that achieves these two things?   I've already explored this issue via:   Samsung customer service (multiple times to see if I could get different answers) Samsung community forum (no responses to-date) Reading Amazon product descriptions and reviews Asking other Amazon customers (no knowledge of such a product) Asking Best Buy employees (didn't know cables wouldn't charge) Internet searches Facebook crowdsourcing (no responses) Asking a family member who works in IT (not aware of any such product) Android Enthusiasts StackExchange (question on hold as possibly irrelevant on that forum; recommended I try here)   After all of this, I've come up with nothing and am running out of resources. Please help (begging/desperate/etc.). I need to figure out if this tablet will work for me or if I need to return it.
I am looking for a solution using hardware and/or software to display content which is split into two LCD screens side-by-side (like in desktop systems with two monitors) for Android tablet.  There will be two touch screens of 1080 x 800px resolution each and will take input from both touch and display, becoming a extension of the first screen.  Either 32 or 64 bit ARM processor is okay as long as the problem is solved.  I found Rockchip RK3288 supports dual screen but not sure if it makes a copy of the first screen or extends the display.  Any pointers to using special off-the-shelf circuit or configuration will be of great help too.
Hi I have been trying to send different IR signals over multiple pins using an Arduino Uno. I have been using the IRremote library. It's not possible with Arduino so I am looking for an alternative.  I am looking for a replacement IC chip or microcontroller to use instead of the Arduino Uno. As long as it can send IR signals over 3 or more pins and is programmable.  Here and Here are questions I asked regarding my IR pin problem if you are interested. It helps explain the situation I'm in.  Bottom line I need any kind of circiut that can send IR signals over multiple pins
Im looking for compact wireless keyboard with trackball that would work with 12 or 14 Ubuntu. Ive searched on Q&A forums and didnt get answer ecxept most of them wouldnt work at all.  For example i was looking for something like that http://www.trust.com/en/product/17911-adura-wireless-multimedia-keyboard
I'm building my first Gaming computer, and I need some help deciding which case to get for my motherboard of choice. The motherboard I have chosen is the MSI Z270 Series Gaming Motherboard (link). The problem I face, is that I don't know which case would fit this motherboard nicely. I don't want to buy a case that doesn't allow me to fit my motherboard. I do know that the motherboard is ATX, so that means I need an ATX case, right?  The case that I am looking for should contain the following:   Ability to mount a SSD and HDD Should be a full-on ATX Case (not MATX) Mount a Corsair PSU The case should have stand-offs already installed   I'm looking to spend around $100-$120 on a case.  Any suggestions?
I am looking for a device that can perform speech recognition and connect to a computer so that it acts as a keyboard. E.g., if I say "hello", the device should send the keys h,  e  , l , l , o to the computer.  I am aware of VoxCube but it is currently just a prototype and not being sold.  Any price is fine.
I'm a web developer programming in PHP, using Photoshop now and then, running a VM during my work (Laravel's Homestead). I'm not a gamer, I don't work with 3D graphics or video-editing software.   I'm looking for a laptop, meeting the following requirements:   Budget: up to 1300 USD Intel i5 and better RAM: 8GB and more  SSD: 256GB and more  Screen size: 13"-14"  Screen resolution: 1920x1080 and more  Keyboard with nice travel (nothing shallow) Battery life: 6h and more (being the matufacturer-promoted max time, not necessarily under constant stress) Manufacturers: ASUS, Dell, Lenovo, Acer (the list is open) (Mostly) silent work   I've considered DELL XPS, DELL Latitude, ASUS Pro Advanced, ASUS Zenbook and Lenovo Thinkpad series, but would be great to also hear your recommendations.
I am looking for a scale to use for a project.  I have scoured and found some options that are mostly for weighing humans and small items as well as some fully integrated systems for inventory management (Which are too expensive).  The items that I need to weigh are approximately 4 feet long.  We need to be able to measure up to 40 lbs. at a minimum.  Accuracy is not that important, being off by up to 1 lb will not affect this particular project  The plan is to integrate these scales into a shelving systems and have them monitor the weight of the product in each location.  We will need to take the measurements from the scale and pass that back into our internal application.  We would consider using load sensors and effectively building our own platform but first want to reach out and see if anyone has seen such an animal.  The secondary option would be to use multiple scales at each end of the shelve using the method show Here. Who knew I would every use the Physics SE.  Lastly if a long scale is not an option and we have to move to the method show on Physics SE then we would like the scales to be as small as possible.
There are three main ways to deliver 3D:   Anagylph, the type of 3D involving the old red-blue glasses Passive 3D, the type of 3D you see in movie theaters nowadays, involving circularly polarized light Active 3D, the type of 3D found in most 3D glasses, involving active-shutter glasses   Now you can view Anaglyph 3D on essentially any TV. And there are even products like this which takes 3D content designed for Passive or Active 3D and converts them to Anaglyph so they can be viewed on non-3D TV's.  But my question is, are there any products that allow you to view either active or passive 3D on a non-3D TV? It seems there was such a product called 3DNOW in 2012, but it appears to have been discontinued. Are there any similar products currently on the market?  I have a 4K TV, so resolution shouldn't be a problem.  And it has a high frame rate.
There are VR headsets that you can use without being tethered to a desktop computer, like the Samsung Gear VR headset, the Google Cardboard headset, and the Google Daydream View headset, but those only feature rotational tracking, not positional tracking.  Conversely, there are VR headsets that feature both rotational tracking and positional tracking, like the Oculus Rift headset and the HTC Vive headset, but they require being tethered to a desktop computer.  But my question is, are there any commercially available VR headsets that both have positional tracking AND do not require being tethered to a desktop computer?  Such a headset would have to use so-called "inside-out" positional tracking, where instead of using lasers or other external sensors, the positional tracking is done from within the VR headset or within the phone connected to it.  I'm aware that various demos for this kind of headset were showcased in CES 2017 this month, but are there any that you can buy right now?  Again, I want something that you can use anywhere, even if you're not near a computer.  EDIT: Just to give an indication of what I'm looking for, here are some examples of inside-out tracking VR headsets which are NOT commercially available yet:   Facebook's Oculus Santa Cruz Google's Worldsense Microsoft Hololens Intel's Project Alloy AMD's Sulon Q Stereo Labs' Linq Qualcomm's Snapdragon VR835 Eonite's Vantage headset uSens Color Fingo Dacuda's MMI Magic Leap VicoVR Pico Neo CV Univrses ODG'a R-8 and R-9   So as you can see, there's currently an arms race between major tech companies as to who can come out with a product first.
So I use this USB to Sata + Power converter to hook up drives to my laptop like so.    It works for hard drives but not cd drives. I would like to be able to hot swap the same drive between a desktop and laptop.  Is there one for CD drives so it can be hot swapped between sata and usb?
Im looking for a laptop as a mostly backend developer. i did some research but there is a few gaps in my knowledge.  Specs:   price €1000 - 1500 Super fast processor, needs to run console applications + web + Visual studio/Rider and VS code. Screen of +1080p  * 16gb+ memory, (for all the docker containers). (Will DDR4 Bring performance?) SSD only (258GB is enough) Graphics cards only if needed to render visual studio/Rider, otherwise rather use Intel Grapics. Windows does not need to be installed. (Rather without, i'll probably run on linux) its light, so i can take it anywhere.    Processor  For processors i ended up with:   Ci7-6700HQ Ci7-7700HQ (10% faster)   They are both quad and 8 threads (great for running these multiple applications).  Found laptops   MSI GP62M 7RD-014NL (Leopard) €1200 HP 15-ax235nd  (Omen) €1400   But my problem is that all these laptops are build and promoted as gaming laptops. I'm looking for a work laptop which i can take anywhere and doesn't really look like a gaming laptop.  All i'm looking for is fast processor, ssd and memory. Are there laptops specifically build for this?
My employer intends to purchase a laptop for me in the USA, then send it to me in South Africa. I've read that the GTX 10 series cards have desktop level performance even on laptops.  I've asked around, and Dell is really the only supplier that will support the laptop internationally.. i.e. I won't need to ship it all the way back to the USA if I need repairs.  I've looked at local suppliers that have MSI and ASUS laptops with GTX1080's too.. but they are very bulky and look like too much like gaming rigs (which they are). This new alienware range actually looks a little more conservative and they're slimmer than the other gaming rigs. Ultimately the looks don't matter though. It's just a small consideration.  Note: This isn't for gaming - it's for design work.. with a preference for fast render times in a laptop (I will be travelling a lot).  I've been looking at the Alienware 17 R4 laptop:  It's a 17inch UHD (3840 x 2160) IPS screen - so the color accuracy should be decent. It contains a GTX 1070 with 8GB GDDR5 Also it has: 7th Generation Intel® Core™ i7-7820HK (Quad-Core, 8MB Cache, Overclocking up to 4.4GHz )  There are 2 more expensive Alienware 17 configurations that have GTX 1080s, but they have TN panels.. so I'm leaning toward this IPS one. I intend to max out the RAM and take 3 years of Premium support and accident cover.. so the total cost comes to about $3100  So with that budget in mind.. there's also the whole precision line from Dell.  The New Precision 5520  It's 15inch UltraSharp UHD IGZO (3840x2160) Touch Wide View LED-backlit with PremiumPanel Guarantee - so I guess this might be an even better screen.  If I select specs like the highest end processor: Intel Core Xeon E3-1505M v6 (Quad Core Xeon 3.00GHz, 4.00GHz Turbo, 8MB 45W, w/Intel HD Graphics 630 32GB Ram, add the same HDD's as the alienware etc..  The price comes to 3,014.90 (so basically the same as Alienware)  The Graphics card difference would be that this has a Nvidia Quadro M1200 w/4GB GDDR5  So which of these 2 laptops do you think would render and work better in blender?  I don't do big complex scenes.. it's mostly simple product packaging and bottles.. some glass.. sometimes a simple area to display items like a table with light streaming in from a side window.. wooden surface sometimes. But nothing crazy. I do need to do A LOT of renders though.. so we need something snappy.  Thank you!!
I am looking for a smart-ish thermostat, which can:   Separate usage for, say, heating zone 1, heating zone 2 and hot water. Heating zone 2 might be radiators heated by a gas boiler or an air to air heat pump. If it could show usage as the time where the thermostat is asking the controlled units to heat, then that would be OK on that point. I should also be able to switch either zone on/off remotely from different devices (this is more important to me than any "learning" ability). Ideally it would be able to control solar thermal hot water should I go completely green and add it later.   (Hopefully this counts as in-scope as it would be a device connected to via a computer/smartphone. Thank you!)
I need to upgrade my RAM. There are two slots. One of them is empty and the other one contains a RAM with the following spec:     4GB DDR3 PC3-12800 1600MHz     I am going to add another 4GB RAM to the empty slot. How can I make sure the other RAM I buy is compatible with this one and my motherboard? Here's my system info:
I need some hardware device (not as big as a Thales or Atalla HSM), something like a smart card (with USB preferably) to encrypt and decrypt small texts (around 64 bytes). I didn't find much in a google search, only one called YubiHSM ($500) which performs AES encryption / decryption, any other devices (hopefully cheaper)?  PKCS#11 is desired, but I'd like to see different options. Also, I need the device to generate and store a few keys (right now I just need to generate and store one master key). The application that would interact with this device runs on Linux.
Looking to build a laptop, though would consider buying a pre-built.   My requirements are:  1) $300 - $500 price tag 2) Linux OS (Debian or Ubuntu) 3) Decent Processing  4) Light Weight/ low profile   This doesn't need to be super computer. I'm mainly looking for something to play around with programming and some statistical analysis. This would also be a chance to step into the realms of a full blown linux distribution. Trying to get off the microsoft/apple bandwagons as my experience with their products continue to get worse and worse every year. Additionally I have become a big fan of Linux though my experience is limited.   I will consider buying a pre built but do enjoy tinkering with RaspberryPis and would enjoy the project of assembly and modification.   A bonus here would be the ability to upgrade down the road. Compatibility would also be a plus.
I am a PhD student at a university (at a computer science department). Luckily our department got some money for new hardware, and as an alternative two some suggestions by our universities IT-center everyone could choose what he wants (at least in theory).  So, for me I wanted a laptop, which is powerfull enough so I can use it as a desktop pc too (by using a docking station), so in some sense "a one fits it all solution" (as some colleagues want to buy one separate desktop pc, and one laptop for business trips).  The core features I required are the following:   Small, so I can take it easily with me, like 14" or less, Intel i7 Quad-Core (hence no "U"-variant cpu which is mostly found in laptops) 32GB RAM (as I am also using virtualisation and my browsing habits always involve quite a lot of open tabs) SSD PCIe-NVMe Dedicated Graphics cards, like an nVidia   Other points I want it to have (but are willing to take compromises):   Linux compatiblity Support for multiple display (up to three), possible by docking stations Thunderbolt/USB-Typ-C  as this hardware has to work 5 years, a warrantly spanning this time would be desirable   I am working as a theoretical computer scientiest, so in some sense it is difficult to justify that I want a dedicated graphics card (also as all my collegues from my chair are not as picky and just choose the suggestions by the IT-center), but in the past I did some computer graphics programming, and I still enjoy it and want to have the possiblity to do some computer graphics stuff if I want.  Now after extensive research I found four laptops:  1) The Dell Alienware 13 (which could be configured with the required options)  2) XMG P407 An indidvual configurable notebook by Schenker (the P407) in its XMG product line  3) MSI GS43VR 7RE PHANTOM PRO (which came shipped with 16GB, but according to specs could be updated to 32GB)  4) Thinkpad 460p (which could be configured with the required options)  Unfornutely after suggesting options 1) and 2) for me and some colleagues from another chair, I got the feedback that they could not be bought as there is too much "gaming" into them, i.e. it does not make a good impression to buy a gaming laptop for serious business. So option 4) would be left, but this fell out too, as another colleague read something that they have bad build quality, i.e. might get broken soon; and actually I cannot buy this laptop just for me, but we have to be a group of a few persons wanting the same laptop. Also option 3) suffers from being to much "gaming", and actually I had a msi gaming laptop once, which worked fine and I had very good experiences with it; but in the german keyboard layout they switched some keys which drove me crazy while touch typing (as a computer scientist I even use the "unusual" tokens like <,>,| quite often).   So, do you know any other laptops fulfilling my core requirements, but not being marked as a gaming device?  Remark: With Dell and HP hardware a warranty of 5 years would be possible as this company has special contracts with the university, also MSI offers this option and Schenker for 3 years.
I'm trying to build a portable Mini-ITX PC. I want it to have similar power capabilities to a laptop. That is, the ability to plug or unplug it from the power main without it losing power and shutting down. Additionally, I want it to be possible to change the battery while the power main is connected, also without shutting down. And before anyone asks, I do not want a laptop, or any box that I can't easily open and replace/upgrade the parts.  Now, I've already found a decent Lithium-ion battery that has 12v 5.5mm DC as both input and output. In theory, I can connect it in a chain with a DC adapter. But, besides the risk of killing the battery with constant recharge and discharge, it would be impossible to unplug it in that state without losing power.  I'm therefore looking for a component to which I can plug both the battery and the power main (or a suitable DC adapter), and it would only use the battery if the power main is unplugged. Then, I can simply use a splitter for the main power, so that it both charges the battery, and powers the PC.  I did find a load-sharing YPWR board from mini-box, but it seems to use both power sources at the same time, if both are connected. I want something similar, that would prioritize using the power main, and not discharge the battery when the power main is present.  I'm also open to other solutions, or combinations of components, of course.
There are a few 'touch' mice out there with tap for 3rd button (e.g. Arc Mouse) and capacitive scroll. But I haven't seen any that have tap-to-click for left and right button functions (like on a trackpad). Most seem to use mechanical switches.  (The Samsung SMT-7000B might have tap for primary click, but I can't even tell)  If interested, I have finger fatigue (RSI), but a touchpad is not a great solution for me.
I got a Samsung 6290 UHD (4k) HDR display that accepts only HDMI input.  I have a Gigabyte GA-H77M-D3H rev. 1.1 motherboard with an Intel i3-3225 CPU.  Specs say, "The PCIEX16 slot conforms to PCI Express 3.0 standard.  Whether PCI Express 3.0 is supported depends on CPU and graphics card compatibility."  Native motherboard graphics support only runs to 1920x1080 resolution.  I run Win7x64 and I don't do any gaming, so frame rates are irrelevant to me.  (This workstation is for business and development.  So it typical runs a database, dev environment, photo editors, and scores of browser instances.)   I want a no-frills graphics card that will support one HDMI 3840x2160 output and take advantage of HDR (which I imagine means 30- or 36-bit color?).  Aside from those specs, quiet and stable operation, followed by price, are my primary considerations.  What should I buy?
I'm building an extra PC, and for now I need purchase only a combo of motherboard + processor + memory.  (I know 4Gb RAM is low memory, I want later add more 4Gb RAM)  So, I did a research and I got the Configuration 01: Processor: A4-7300 FM2 Motherboard: AMD FM2A58M-VG3+ Memory: 4GB DDR3 1600MHz Total: $ 145,00 USD   The Configuration 2 is: Processor: Athlon 5150 AM1 Motherboard: ASRockAM1B-MH Memory: 4GB DDR3 1600MHz Total: $ 135,00 USD   and finally, the Configuration 3: Processor: Pentium Dual Core G4400 LGA1151 Motherboard: ASRockH110M-HG4 Memory: 4GB DDR4 2400MHZ Total: $ 215,00 USD   EDIT: Too broad? Really, really simple question then: What of that 3 configurations have the best cost-benefit (considering what I'll be using them for) and why?  Operational System: Windows 10 AU  Games (can be played at minimum level of graphics): Hearthstone, League Of Legends, Stacraft 2  Applications: Visual Studio 2017, Sql Server 2016, Bluestacks, LibreOffice  Rarely used: Some VM like VirtualBox or VMWare
I sometimes listen to audio when I sleep.   Main Question: What's a bluetooth headset product that will not make noises/vibrate when low battery?  No noise, including the device telling you "battery very low" with a voice, and also no beeping, no vibrating notification when battery low  More details:  Budget: Less than 100$  Form factor of bluetooth headset: Preferably something like this https://www.amazon.com/LG-Electronics-HBS-750-Bluetooth-Wireless/dp/B00FO0IHMY/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1485926696&sr=8-2&keywords=bluetooth+headset+lg   Since it would stay on you even when you sleep   Why a simple search did not work for answering my question: Specifications for bluetooth headset products do not state whether or not there is a "battery very low" sound or vibration when the battery is low.   Other Specifications: If it does not make beeping sounds when you adjust the volume with its buttons, that would be good too obviously because the application is for sleeping.
I have found Seagate Backup Plus Ultra Slim 1TB but there are enough users reported about the bad experience. After some weeks it doesnt work anymore.  Max 10 mm cause I want it to use this external HDD with my notebook and transport it together in the same bag.
I currently own one external HDD (CnMemory airy 3TB), but it's filled to the brim so I need another one. Since the amount of space I require is growing at an alarming rate, I need a rather large one, I'm aiming for 5TB.  I'm planning to use the new HDD for all of my data, which includes backups from the internal harddrives in my computer and my large movie/TV collection along with some other larger stuff. I could then use my current 3TB hard drive exclusively as a back-up for my important/sensitive stuff, so that either harddrive could fail at any given time without me losing anything that's really important to me.  So the important features of my new hard drive are the following:   5TB storage or more. 4TB is acceptable if there is a good 4TB model that is reasonably more affordable than a 5TB alternative. USB 3.0 Durability No fancy stuff that I would have to pay for (I don't need any sophisticated backup-software for example, I do my backups manually) Normal/average transfer speed. Don't need something super fast. Should have an on/off switch (not set in stone). I usually have my external HDD always connected but turned off when I don't need it. I do not want something that is always on.   My price range is 150~200 € (Germany). I would prefer something less pricy, but I'd rather have something reliable that won't randomly break too soon.  Edit: Price range update. Still hoping for an answer by the way, I'm thankful for any and all recommendations!
We need a PC in our office to plug external hard disks and copy content in to local hard disk. 5 to 10 people will do it daily basis. This PC will not use for anything else. I am willing to configure PC cheapest as possible. I don't exactly know which is more important for coping files CPU or RAM beside USB 3 Hub + Internal HDD of course. But they are pretty standard.  -Cheapest CPU i can find can do the job?  -4GB memory will be enough?  -To cut on my budget which one i should sacrifice CPU or RAM.  Here a sample configuration i made:   Case: Redrock C702BB Peak 300W Mainboard: MSI A68HM-E33 V2 (2133 Mhz) CPU: AMD A6 6400K X2 (3.0 GHz, 1MB) RAM: 4 GB HI-LEVEL 1600 DDR3 HDD: 1TB WD Blue 3,5" (64MB, 7200 RPM) (I choose this becouse i thought 64MB would benefit for copy performance)
I want to have one WiFi device that can route traffic from one SSID to a specified port and another SSID to another port. Also this device needs to support 802.11g/n at minimum. Prefer it to cost under $200.  The idea is to physically separate office traffic from guest traffic, but without maintaining multiple devices.
I'm thinking about getting a couple inexpensive PCI cards that will let me plug in any SATA drive into some 10-15 year old PCs.  One is an old Compaq Presario 5300 US with a 1.1 GHz Intel Celeron processor and I think 512 MB RAM.  I don't know what the other is but it's probably similar in specs. (EDIT: It has an 800 MHz AMD Duron processor, 512 MB RAM, and the initial boot screen shows American Megatrends VIA K7 GA7VMM01.)  Both have had IDE hard drives plugged into them their whole lives and the motherboards have no support for SATA drives.  I can run a basic Debian Jessie 32-bit install on them among other things.  I was thinking about setting one up as a file server or as a backup server that does nothing more than pull from other computers and hold the data on a local 2 TB or 4 TB hard drive, but the drives I have that large are all SATA drives.  I would appreciate recommendations on an inexpensive PCI card that will enable me to use a SATA drive, including addressing the full 2/4TB.
I’m looking for a case for a desktop computer. Or for something to insert into a case.   No restrictions/requirements yet (so format/size/slots don‘t matter), except for this:   I want to use two 3.5-inch HDDs (or SSDs). I want to be able to decide which drive to power up.   The idea is that it must be physically impossible for the operating system on drive 1 to access drive 2, and vice versa.  I don’t want to use an external drive, to swap the drives, or to have to (dis)connect cables.  Suitable solutions could be to have two buttons to boot the computer, a single toggle switch for the drives, or an on/off switch per drive.  A swapping mechanism (like many NAS cases offer) might work too, I guess (so I would physically disconnect the drive with a lever, but keep it in the slot, where it sticks out a few centimeters). But only if this doesn’t wear out the connection over time too much, as I’ll switch between the two drives daily.
I’m looking for a WLAN router that runs only free/libre software. It doesn’t need to contain a modem.  ThinkPenguin.com offered the Free Software Wireless-N Broadband Router for GNU / Linux (TPE-NWIFIROUTER2), which even got FSF’s RYF certification, but it’s "no longer for sale/available".  I would prefer a router that ships without any proprietary software, but if there isn’t one, I’m fine with a router that ships with proprietary software, as long as a free/libre OS (and free/libre firmware) can be installed without voiding the warranty, ideally officially supported.
I would like a USB webcam with a low resolution, perhaps something like 160x120 and certainly under 640x480. It does not need to be cheap, so something that supports a range of resolutions in hardware would work fine.   It will be plugged into a computer that someone else controls, so I cannot easily cripple a higher-resolution device in software. A camera that produces images with a higher resolution but e.g. heavily compressed or somehow filtered would also work (but only if the processing is done in hardware). It will be used indoors under normal lighting conditions.  Many thanks for any recommendations in advance.
I am looking for an Android device with NFC reader capabilities, which must be rugged (professional outdoor use) and possibly leaving the operator with free hands. My first choice would be a smartwatch or an wrist/arm band, with a tiny display or buttons to allow basic input from the user. I have only found rugged smartphones, which could be fine but they force the user to pull it out from the pocket or wherever it is and slow down work. Can anyone recommend such device?
For a custom attendance system we're looking for a fingerprint scanner module with an SDK, that can be used in a scenario where initial registration is done at the central office. Workers have no dedicated sites, so they can show up basically at random at any site, where they have to be identified by their fingerprint only. The system should be able to handle 10k+ fingerprints at the same time.  If I'm correct we need a central database of workers that contains hashes of the fingerprints (or the raw data, but we want to avoid that scenario). We want to minimize the time spent on the "matching algorithm". To make that possible the scanner should be able to provide the hash. That way we only need to compare two strings to match workers. We don't need a forensic grade product, so it is no problem if sometimes fails to identify someone, although it shouldn't do any mismatches. This fingerprint module will be embedded to our device.  Does anybody have such experience with scanners? Thanks for the help in advance
I am looking for a capture card that will capture RGB signal from retro consoles on my desktop machine. The consoles I would be capturing (SNES, PS2 and the likes) have a Scart RGB-able cable and for best video quality I would like to be able to capture the RGB signal as directly as possible.  My operating system is Ubuntu (current LTS version) and I would like to use OBS for streaming and the likes.  Since Scart connectors are rather large, if you suggest a card which accepts a different type of cable that’s fine (but please at least leave a hint on how to connect Scart to the card).  I have ample USB ports (2.0 and 3.0), PCI and PCIE x1 slots available.  In summary:   RGB-supporting Accepts Scart or with an idea how to input from Scart Ubuntu and OBS compatible USB/PCI/PCIEx1 connected   Bonus would be if VGA input from another PC is also accepted.
I'm looking for a router with the following specifications:   Wireless N OpenVPN client support (to connect to an openvpn access server) Built in 3G/4G Modem with SIM slot (3G: 850MHz/2100MHz, 4G: 700MHz/1800Mhz)   I have found Industrial M2M Routers such as the Netcomm NTC-140W matching my needs however I don't wish to spend as much as $800.
I would like remote on/off control for two heating zones and hot water. There are many more or less smart thermostats which can do this, however they require internet access. The trouble is my phone is my wireless router - if I leave the house, so does the internet connection. Alternatively there are a few thermostats with GSM radios like this one, but with more limited functionality/channels or they come with locked SIM modules and poor value subscriptions.  So as I have some programming skills, I thought about setting one up myself using a normal thermostat and having my own thing as an on/off override switch, perhaps between the thermostat and heating devices.  This option looks fairly simple, and if it all goes wrong, I can probably use the "wingle" on its own. That being said, I might not need an integrated WiFi router for this purpose!  So what I really want to ask: What embedded or mini-computer board and SIM module would make sense for a beginner with programming experience (beginner meaning the integration of the two should not be too hard)?  I suspect a Raspberry or similar thing might be an idea because of the luxury of the screen output making debugging easier?   Second priorities would be low standby power and lowish cost. Thank you.
My problem is that my computer mice always fail the same way - by malfunctioning main buttons!  I do buy expensive optical cordless mice from Logitech since decades now. But it's always the same: First the left mouse button "breaks" (1), then I try to shift most actions to the right one (2), then both of them get unusable. Finally I have to buy another expensive branded product.  [explanations: (1) By "breaking" I mean defective, loose or even chattering contacts which sometimes fire without my intention to hit the button, reforming single clicks into double or multiple clicks, losing contact while I try to draw something across the screen. ... I think you'll get the picture. (2) Despite tools or settings to switch the functionality between both main buttons there's mostly the possibility to use context menus or even to use both buttons interchangeably, e.g. if you're working on Android emulators.]  A malfunctioning mouse button like explained can be at least bothersome in some games where you die a lot more often due to these issues - but outside games it can be really dangerous, clicking on arbitrary buttons, choosing options you wouldn’t want to touch, double-clicking things you only want to select, dropping files or other objects to wrong places (Recycle Bin?)!  I really do not want to look at my branded computer mouse as some kind of consumable. I also hit the buttons of my keyboard very often (even if this distributes to much more of them), but I can still use my first keyboards, decades later!  What I’ve done (despite repurchasing): I’ve already researched the matter of chattering mouse buttons but only found instructions to open the case and try to clean the micro-switches. But with my current Logitech laser mouse I cannot do this. Maybe the sliding points hide the screws. I cannot remove them, because this would destroy the material and I do not know where to get replacement sliding points.  So, to summarize my overall question: Is there a big manufacturer which produces better quality mice with a higher life expectancy of the buttons than Logitech products? (I’m not interested in small producers with only local availability.)
Problem  I have a Gigabyte GA-970A-DS3P motherboard which doesn't have any inbuilt graphics so I paired it up with NVIDIA GeForce 210 Graphics Card. I am not satisfied with this graphics card as I am unable to do video editing and heavy gaming. So, I wish to buy a new GPU for the following tasks:   Gaming: GTA V Video Editing: Camtasia, VLC Development: Android Studio (with emulator)   Specification   AMD FX 8350 Eight-core processor 4.00 GHz Gigabyte GA-970A-DS3P Ram 4.00 GB OS Windows 7 ultimate 64 bit   Budget   $100 - $150
I manage a LAMP website, which I develop at home, and then I upload the changes to the production public server.  I am trying to find a small and cheap fanless PC to install Linux and my development LAMP server. I was considering 200-300 USD mini PCs, like Kangaroo MD2B Mobile Desktop Computer, Intel NUC based MiniPCs, QOTOM-Q310G4 Barebone Mini PC, etc. I will install only a Linux distro (without any desktop environment), with Apache, PHP, MySQL, and Samba.  Any recommendation is welcome.
My website converts video to audio and video to video using FFMPEG (full Centos 64bit install). Mostly i got multiple conversions (10-20) real time. I use cache for already converted audios/videos. I am currently moving to a dedicated server and i need to know which configuration would be best for my situation.  Which of the below servers is better for FFMPEG;  SINGLE Intel® Xeon® Processor E3-1270 v5, 8M Smart Cache, 3.60 GHz, 8 GT/s DMI3 (4 Cores-8 Threads) / 32GB DDR4 2133 / 240GB S3500 Intel Wolfsville SSD + 1TB Enterprise Grade HDD (for caching)  DUAL Intel® Xeon® Processor E5-2620, 15M Smart Cache, 2.00 GHz, 7.20 GT/s Intel® QPI (12 Cores-24 Threads) / 32GB DDR3 1333 / 120GB S3500 Intel Wolfsville SSD + 1TB Enterprise Grade HDD (for caching)  thanks for your ideas.
I used to have a Mophie Pack for my iPhone 5.  It was a charging case that plugged into Apple's Lightning cables.  But I just got an iPhone 7, and it seems that all the charging cases available for it, both by Mophie and by other companies, plug into micro-USB cables, i.e. the kind of cables used to charge Android devices.  So my question is, are there any iPhone 7 charging cases that plug into Lightning cables?  That would be much more convenient for me.
I tend to carelessly yank my iPhone and iPad off of their charging cables, which leads to either the metal connector tip coming off or causes the cable to fray.  As a result, I go through iPhone cables like I go through socks.    So my question is, are there any (nearly) unbreakable iPhone cables that stand up to such wear and tear?  I've tried numerous brands of nylon-braided cables.  They tend to solve the "cables fraying" issue, but the metal connector tips keep coming off.    The only cable I've come across that claims to protect the connector is the "Snakable" cable, but it's only 4 feet long.  I want a cable that's 6 feet or longer.
I am thinking about buying a CPU to use for a Minecraft server -- the problem is that Minecraft is very bad at hyperthreading, only actually using one core. So it doesn't matter if my CPU has 2, 4 or 16 cores -- I need just one to be the quickest.   Which one and, more important, how should I choose?
So I have gone through a lot of cheapo headphones because the headphones blow out. Are there headphones that can't be blown out?  I would like them to fit in a pocket and not be like the big ones that go on your head.  I'm using the earbuds with an android phone.  EDIT: So I determined the 3.5mm was wearing out on the cheap headphones I was buying.
I'm a software developer looking for more real estate on my desktop.  I play occasional games, but not as much as I'd like.  My budget is at or around 1k.  I'm worried that if I get one that's too small, I'll end up having to zoom the text to even be able to read my source code.  If I get one that's too big, I'll end up with neck issues.    28 inches?  30 inches?  32 inches?  Something else?  I've got a GTX 1080, does it matter if it's a G-Sync monitor or V-Sync?  I found this list of G-Sync 4k monitors, but the reviews are pretty sparse.     Any suggestions?
I'm looking to buy a new laptop, and I've narrowed it down to two models, with the only difference between them being the processor. The first model has an i5-6300HQ, and the second one has an i7-6700HQ. Both models come with a 1TB HDD out of the box and 8GB of DDR4-2133 RAM.  My usage would include:   multimedia playback, web browsing, MS Office programming (mostly Android Studio and Eclipse, maybe PyCharm, maybe some MySQL) occasionally running virtual machines (but very rarely more than one at a time)   So my question would be: is it better to buy the i5 model and add a very fast PCIe/NVMe SSD, or buy the i7 model and add a slower SATA3 SSD? Given that the i7 / PCIe SSD combination would be slightly out of my budget at the moment.  Thank you in advance for help.  Edit: The two models I've found are both Lenovo Ideapad 700-15ISK. They are the same, only the CPU is different. My budget is somewhere between $850 and $1000 (converted from local currency), depending on specific configuration (for example, whether it has an SSD out of the box or would I have to buy it additionally). However, I do believe that one of these two Lenovo models would be best for me, because they offer pretty good bang for the buck, and both have PCIe/NVMe slots, which are also easily reachable.
This is the product: HDMI Extender via Single SC Fiber Support 3D/4K2K  And this is the cable I want to use: 5m Fiber optic Cable (SC connectors)  I am not sure if the cable is suitable for the hardware. Because the only info about that is seen on the aliexpress is this:    And the specification of the HW is this:    How will I know if they are good match for 4K video transmission? Could you explain technically? Thanks.
Setup:   INTEL Core i5-3450 3.10GHz 1155  ASROCK B75 Pro3    (2 x 8GB) KINGSTON 16384MB HyperX Blu DDR3 1600Mhz CL10 KIT KHX16C10B1K2/16X Dell E2414HM LED Monitor, 24" THERMALTAKE TR2 RX W0146RE 450W   I have 350$ budget, but this is only an upper limit.   I was thinking about Nvidia 1060, 6GB.  I'll use it for casual gaming, would like to run the new games on high res for 1-2 years.
I just bought a new case that is made for mini or micro atx motherboards.  The Bitfenix Prodigy M.  At first, I got an MSI B150M Pro-VD Micro ATX motherboard, and it wasn't ideal because I got a KabyLake processor, and this motherboard requires a bios update for it to use KabyLake.  Instead of finding an old cpu, and messing around with all of that, I decided to get a motherboard that was made for KabyLake.  I ordered an MSI B250M Pro-VDH Micro ATX motherboard.    Even though these are both Micro ATX motherboards, they are completely different sizes.  The second one doesn't fix in the case, as it is much larger.  The screw holes don't line up.  I thought all Micro ATX motherboards were the same size....if not, what is the difference, and how can I tell?
Does there exist a cable where I can plug two hard drives into the same motherboard's sata slot and with the flip of a switch (between power-offs) switch between these two hard drives (without having to physically unplug anything)?  I'm not interested in any other solution but the existence of what I'm describing (no USB, eSATA, bios, or bootloader answers please).
I am looking for an external monitor that is comparable to the Retina display on my late 2013 MacBook, can anyone suggest options or help as far as what specifications I should be looking for?  I am a programmer and would like two 27" 2560x1440 or one 34" 3440x1440. The most important factor for me is that text appare very sharp. and that the screen coating doesn't make the screen look grainy or dull.  I am not on budget (-:
An old software question of mine looks like it would benefit from some hardware.  Basically, I have a web page and want it to communicate via HTTP to a small controller, which will read a string from the serial port and return it to the browser.  Don’t worry about the software, I can handle that. I am wondering which hardware to use, and would like to keep the price down.  The requirements are simple enough. The device needs to be able to read from serial port, and it needs to be able to receive HTTP requests  - I don’t care how. I don’t really need an operating system, certainly not a full blown one, but I do need to be able to run a web server, to handle the HTTP request.   I was thinking Raspberry PI, but am one to other solutions if they are cheaper and if they are as simple to code. I can buy in quantities of a dozen up to maybe 100, if it offers a decent discount.   [Update] I also need a dozen or two GPIO pins  Possibilities:   Raspberry Pi 3, plus RS232 hat Raspberry Pi Zer0, plus RS232 hat and Wifi or Ethernet (will also need a USB hub) Netduino, plus RS232 shield    Long term availability of the device might play a role. E.g maybe not use Pi2, in case it gets phased out. Widely available support , via forums, would be good, although the project is so simple that I don’t envisage needing any help.   Which of these., or an alternative, can do what I want, with an emphasis on cost, but also balancing other terms? Hmmm, I probably want to put it into a case, preferably IP 67 compliant.    [Update] I am also considering:   Orange Pi Banana Pi Chip   Although I am not sure how compatible they might be with Raspberry Pi peripherals
I am looking for a network testing tool for work that doesn't break the bank. I use the cheap wire mappers for checking pairs on runs once terminated, but I want something with more features such as wire length, link testing, port blinking, and network testing (internet accessibility and the like).  I currently have to lug around my laptop with me (or my tiny WAP to use my phone) to test and verify actual connectivity, but having an all in one tool would be great.  My budget is around $300 and I found Pockethernet which ticks all the boxes plus more for what I need that is in my price range.  Are there any other tools that have the same feature set? I am having troubles finding them.  Thanks.
I'm looking for a drive enclosure that can do RAID 0 and maybe RAID 5.  All of the brand names run together on me, I have idea what brand to consider.  As I understand, the fastest interface is USB 3.1 and I have some of those in my computer, so it seems that's the best choice.    Any recommendations?
I've been looking for wireless earbuds, just like the Apple model. Personally, I don't like the ones that you introduce in the ear.  And  not in-ear  that fill the market:  Any suggestion ?  Edit: budget around 50€.  Yes:   No:
I want to buy an audio player that satisfies these conditions:   MicroSD slot which can read 64GB card or has device memory of at least this size Hardware buttons which I can use without unlocking the display No lags when navigating between songs At least average audio quality FLAC support Price limit: 500$   Can you recommend me any device which meets these conditions?  EDIT: I don't want to hack anything - replacing firmware etc.  EDIT 2: Price limit raised. I've tried these two devices so far   FiiO X1 2nd gen Astell & Kern JR Sleek Silver 64GB   Both had the same problem: when I transferred about 3000 songs to the player (to a card in case of FiiO) and played them, it had huge lags between songs (after pushing the next button).
If I were to buy a computer for the sole purpose of backing up and syncing my iPhone, what would be my cheapest possible option?  The only requirements are that it needs at least 32GB worth of free space (plus a little more), it needs to be capable of connecting to the Internet, and it needs to be capable of running iTunes (and that too a version of iTunes recent enough to support the iPhone 7).    I think the cheapest possible computers are Chromebooks, i.e. computers that run Chrome OS, but iTunes doesn't support Chrome OS.  The other option is getting an Intel Compute Stick, which is like 100 or 200 dollars, and then inserting an SD card to expand its storage space.  Now I'm aware I could just back my phone to iCloud, but there are two problems with that.  First, you have to pay if you want more than 5GB worth of storage.  And second, in iCloud you can't do certain things you can do in iTunes, like like putting an app in your "purchased apps" list so that your phone can get the last compatible version of the app.
I tried to get LabelWriter 450 DUO (it has both label and tape printer - hence duo), but while everything prints well to the label portion of the printer, I can't get Cups to print to the Tape portion of the printer ( it just keeps sending everything to the Label portion)   Anyways can somebody recommend a good label printer, that will print labels on vinyl tape or polyethylene ( I need it to be chemical / oil proof) - paper labels won't work. And it needs to be able to run of Cups 2.1 or Cups 1.7.5 server running on Ubuntu or Debian.   Thank you and much appreciated.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Where might I find or commission a pre-made or custom-order a rather fully featured port-expansion hub or dock-like accessory designed to nest neatly underneath a 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and Touch ID like the one I plan to order soon?  Specifically, I'm looking for a device with a complement of ports and media slots similar, but not identical, to that found on Sonnet's Echo 15+ Thunderbolt 2 Dock, but which interfaces with the aforementioned laptop using Thunderbolt 3 rather than its predecessor.  Here are the kinds of connectors and slots I would like to have on such a device:     FireWire 400 FireWire 800 Mini DisplayPort/Thunderbolt 1 and 2 USB 3.1 Gen. 2 Type C/Thunderbolt 3 passthrough USB 3.1 Gen. 2 Type A Gigabit Ethernet SDSC/-HC/-XC card reader A slot-loading optical drive capable of reading and writing to and from the following formats (basically, the same list of formats as the Sonnet dock I mentioned earlier:)     Bluray Disc (variants:     single- and double-layer BD-R triple- and quadruple-layer BD-R XL single- and double-layer BD-RE triple- and quadruple-layer BD-RE XL BD-ROM)  DVD (variants:     DVD-RAM single- and double-layer DVD±R DVD±RW DVD-ROM)  CD (variants:     CD-R CD-RW CD-ROM)     The optical drive should support booting from discs as well, as one would probably expect.  In addition, I wouldn't mind also having access to the following additional functionality in such a device:     An internal battery bank for battery lifetime extension Space for additional solid-state storage   Does anybody know what kind of place might supply or custom-build such a product to or for me?
I'm looking for a tablet that is optimal for reading PDFs and making handwritten notes on them. I would like a large screen: some of the PDFs are in A4 format and they should be shown in something that is not too far from their natural size. And it should come with a pen that can be slid into the tablet itself. And writing with it should work very, very well!  Except for this, I don't need very strong specifications or special features. I would also like to watch movies on it, but I'm not very demanding w.r.t. the quality, so I think pretty much any tablet would satisfy my needs in that area.  How cheaply can this be done?
I'm looking at getting a portable monitor for use with my MacBook Pro 13" (Mid-2012, Core i7).  I'm thinking probably an Asus model MB169C+ or B+ at the moment. I know my MBP has USB3.0 and so the B+ should work fine. The MBP has a Thunderbolt port, which I believe is 1st Generation (10Gbps) - someone more familiar with Thunderbolt/mini-displayport might know if I'm wrong on this.  Which leads me to my question:  If I was to get the C+ model with USB type C, can first gen thunderbolt be converted and power the monitor correctly? Is there any reason not to just go with USB3.0?  Budget doesn't matter as it is to be purchased from an approved supplier and these are the only options.
I'm a computer science student doing a lot of data science and would like to get a laptop that can supplement my desktop. I often want to run medium sized machine learning problem without having a very good internet connection available, as such I would like to get a solid laptop that runs Ubuntu well and has a pretty solid graphics card/processor (and ssd of course). Weight and battery are not really big concerns (my deceased laptop weights 4.8 kg and has a battery life of 30 minutes).   Being able to play games would be a plus.   My budget is about 1500 euro, max 2000.
Up until the late 90's, it was relatively common for people to put portable TV's in their cars.  These were handheld devices that allowed you to watch over-the-air (OTA) television signals for free, akin to pocket radios.  Now the technology in our lives has advanced dramatically in the past 20 years, but this is one respect where we seem to have gone backward; almost no one has a portable TV anymore.  Portable TV's do still exist though, for instance this one is available for $60.  But my question is, what products are there to turn an iPhone into a portable TV?  So far the best thing I've found is this digital antenna for $40, which creates a private Wifi network that iPhones and other devices can connect to to watch OTA TV signals.  But it has no customer reviews.  Ideally I want something cheap and small that plugs into the iPhone and does not need to be charged separately.  If it helps, I have an iPhone 7.  EDIT: I just found out that buying this kind of product is dependent the country you live in and its transmission standard:    I live in America, so the $40 product I linked to wouldn't walk as it's based on DVB/T and ISDB-T standards.  The only product I can find which is based on ATSC is this product, which appears to have been discontinued but is available used..  So does anyone know any other products which both work with iPhones and support ATSC.
Am looking for an HDMI stick who is working on the 5 GHz WLAN network. Unfortunately when I looked in the specification sheet of some HDMI sticks I could not find  out whether the stick supports WLAN 5 GHz or not.   For example the asus vivostick, on their specification sheet they only write that the stick supports WLAN b/g/n/ac, but they did not write if the sticks supports WLAN 5 GHz: https://www.asus.com/us/Stick-PCs/VivoStick-PC-TS10/specifications/  Or the Intel Compute Stick, on the producers website, they only write, that stick provides WLAN b/g/n, but they did not mention if the sticks supports WLAN 5 GHz: http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/compute-stick/compute-stick-product-brief.html  So, could anybody recommend me a HDMI stick with WLAN 5 GHz?
My subdivision is tired of speeders on our street. I would like to setup a camera outside of my house to catch some of the repeat offenders, every house on the street has small children, and its a very unsafe situation. This is something I'm doing on my own and without pay.    I need a single camera, or maybe two cameras depending on the PTZ features, I would like for them to run on MotionEyeOS on raspberry pi, but doesn't have to. If a camera is ethernet or wifi enabled, and has all the software to be setup already installed on it, thats fine.     Requirements     Clear picture at 100m or 300ish feet. No additional hardware required, except a router and maybe a raspberry pi. Outdoor rated SOME Optical Zoom, have to be able to grab license plates after all.      Flexible requirements       Pan Tilt Zoom   Able to record speed by any means.   As cheap as possible, lets use <100$ as a starting point.    Cloud uploads (Dropbox, amazon cloud) features would REALLY be nice.    I was initially planing on using my raspberry pi 3, running motioneyeOS so I could live stream the video... However, if a camera is IP via Ethernet or wifi, and doesn't require another device hooked into it, that works for me. What I want to avoid is having the camera connected to a computer (other than the pi) or a traditional DVR.
Consider a chemical factory. Certain rooms may never be empty (control room, security, etc), some have a limit on how many people may be there at any give time, and some contain hazardous materials and no one may stay in there longer than a certain time. Beyond that, in case of  evacuation it is necessary to know where everyone is.  I am thinking of wearable badges, probably with WIFi (*) and readers at every door, to scan those entering & exiting.   I could make something cheap and small with a $5 Raspberry Pi Zero   and a $2 USB WiFI dongle.. or, maybe BlueTooth, but what about a battery?  Of course, passive RFID wouldn’t require a battery, but could I be certain of reading everyone who passes through a doorway (and what about a very wide door, such as might be found in a factory)?  Really, all that I need is a way to identify people as they pass through doorways flanks by readers. Computing power is not required, but since the Raspberry Pi Zero is so dirt cheap, I might be able to find some other uses (attach a mic & speaker? Any other ideas?).  If I do need a battery, then given an 8 hour working day, plus breaks, plus a margin, then I need 10 or 12 hours battery life.  Does anyone know of an of the shelf solution? Failing that, some thing easy to put together from off the shelf parts?
I have been searching for a low power way to serve a configuration page over WiFi. I have a concept working on a WR703n router, serving a configuration page for an arduino project. The whole thing, however consumes about 150mA just sitting there idle. The goal is to run this off a lead battery and solar panel setup so I'm trying to bring down the power consumption as much as possible.   The next best idea, I have is to use an ESP8266 module for the server part but that would probably shave off 30mA at most. There won't be an AP in range so I could use sleep modes on the ESP.  So can anyone suggest a WiFi server, that uses less power, than the ESP module in AP mode?
I would like to build an extremely small, portable computer and need a screen 3.5 inches across or less that connects by either VGA, HDMI, or composite. I would also like it to be under 40 dollars, but I would take slightly more expensive. I am going to be connecting this to a Chip computer. I do not care too much about how good the display quality is. I just need to be able to see things on it and it to be functional. I have been looking everywhere for this, but the only ones I can find are for raspberry pie and do not have the right connection type.
I know a handheld might not be the perfect device for programming, but for me it would be useful for working in short periods of time, for example while traveling, so please don't make it a debate about if it's a good idea or not.  According to what I've been looking, the device must fulfill the following characteristics:   Keyboard: Full QWERTY (including symbols). It should be not bigger than 6", or be divided in two parts (like this) and should have the buttons sticking out for easy use. Connectivity: Wifi would be ok, but mobile connection would be better yet. Performance: Should be enough to explore modern internet websites. Touchscreen.   There's just one that actually fulfills all characteristics, but is still just a project, and very expensive by the way: the DragonBox Pyra, the unique problem (ignoring the price) is that it's ARM based.  Other great option would have been the  "Pepper Pad" but lacks in performance (and are not produced anymore), other one would have been the "Sony VAIO UX", but people says the keyboard is difficult to use, so it lacks too.  Sorry for not posting links to all devices, I can't as I don't have reputation yet.
I'm looking for ideally one or a few containers that can store and reasonably protect hard drives sitting in the closet, and that would be easy to pick up and set in a car to transport if needed.  I have around 10-15 older 3.5" internal hard drives and around five 2.5" internal hard drives sitting around in the closet.   I'm not too worried about it being ruggedized or shock resistant, just something simple and inexpensive and better than cardboard boxes.
I need active speakers. Preferably 2.0, but 2.1 would work, too.  The speakers will sit on a table, right next to a CRT. They will primarily be used for older video game consoles (from SNES to Dreamcast). The players will sit circa 1-2 meters in front of them.   I would prefer a cinch/RCA input (red and white cables). If they don’t have one, I’d need a recommendation for a suitable adapter, too. I would like to be able to connect headphones. If connected, the speakers should be muted automatically. Power plug for Germany.   Budget: I’m hoping for less than 80 € (shipping to Germany).  If multiple sources can be connected via cinch (so no need to manually switch the cables when switching the console) and/or if newer consoles can be connected (optical?), I’d be willing to pay 120 €, or 150 € if they are really good (future-proof, ‎long lifetime).
I currently have a triple monitor setup with three 1080 23" monitors. The side monitors have IPS panels and the center one has a TN panel. The monitors were purchased in 2011 for a budget price ($100-200 each). I have a good performing PC (Skylake i7, nVidia 1080 GTX, 32GB DDR4 RAM) and I play videogames of all genres (including first person shooters) <10% of the time and spend the rest mostly with my word processor, IDE, web browser etc.  Since I spend a lot of time on my computer and I would like to not bottleneck the experience with an old budget monitor, I think it's worth it to upgrade my old center TN-panel monitor.    Requirements   Since the side monitors are 23", I'd like to not deviate too much from their size. * Since there could be driver issues and inconsistencies for UI's across the monitors, I prefer 1080p resolution over 4k or 1440p. * As I have a nice machine to enjoy good gaming visuals, I would like to experience at least one noticeable differentiating feature from my old monitor: In particular a refresh rate of >100Hz. Based on my research, I'm able to operate the center monitor at a greater refresh rate than the side monitors in Windows 10.   With regard to strobing, the monitor should support something similar to ULMB for high frame rates.    * If it's strongly suggested that I get rid off all three monitors for some good reason, I'm also willing to upgrade to a single, "ultrawide" monitor with a high resolution.  Preferences     Low reaction time, high contrast, good color accuracy and range +  (maybe automatically adjustable) brightness (doesn't have to be HDR) Matte   G-SYNC (or the successor) would be nice since I have a new nVidia card. However, I doubt that many games on my machine will drop into the low framerates where this feature can shine.    Minor Preferences and Notes     I prefer it to be around $300, but I'm willing to spend more if there is a great one out there.   I'd also like to go with a reputable brand (e.g., ViewSonic, NEC, Philips) and a relatively new model. Inbuilt speakers would be nice   Thin bezel and depth, fully adjustable (pivot, tilt, swivel) are nice to have    Eye care technology if it is not just marketing junk (have not looked into whether that is the case)   Modern connectivity (DP/HDMI, maybe even USB-C)   No strong preference for curved or flat, 3D, VESA wall-mounting abilities.  Not sure what panel (IPS, VA, TN) is the best for my needs.     Example Candidates     Samsung C24FG70: My current favorite because VA and Quantum Dot technology seems like a great compromise for my demands. It's also a very new model ($325)  ASUS VG248QE or ASUS MG248Q: Not that new but seems popular and solid, uses TN I believe, no G-Sync ($280, $300) Acer Predator XB241H: Has G-Sync, but uses a TN panel & slightly pricier ($400)
I'm looking for a projector which:   has a resolution of 1080p or better an output of > 3999 lumen can be connected to wirelessly from Microsoft Windows 10 (Miracast?) can be connected to from Apple macOS   (It's my understanding that Miracast isn't really/really isn't supported on macOS?)  Who has any suggestions? We currently use a BenQ MH740, and I've been ogling the MH750 (with QP01 dongle), but we're not married to BenQ so other brands are fine as well.
I have two autistic children, sometimes they mirror their iPads to our TV and they get very frustrated when they try use YouTube on the TV only to find out that it's not touchscreen.   What I need is   A TV, we still need a TV to watch in the living room Touchscreen  Builtin YouTube app   I am aware of   Endless number of touchscreen monitors NOT TVs Endless number of SMART TVs with builtin YouTube app   Touchjet WAVE turned out to be a big disappointment otherwise I would have gone for a smart TV and turned it into a touchscreen one using Touchjet WAVE.  Apple Television seems to be a myth, otherwise it would have been very idle for me as my children are very familiar with iOS.  What other options do I have?
I am trying to find a solution to be able to KVM two computers, both with two DisplayPort outputs (two video cards on one PC and a docking station with two ports) to a monitor array connected with two DisplayPort hubs that join three monitors (2x3) and one keyboard and one mouse.  I'm not even sure if the type of KVM I am looking for even exists.  Possible scenarios in my mind are:   KVM that has two inputs for each computer (2x2) and two outputs, or A KVM model that can link multiple switches in a master/slave relationship so when the master is switched, the slave will switch as well.   Ideally, the KVM solution would support DisplayPort 1.2 or higher and would cost between $100 and $500 USD.
I am looking for a simple USB monitor that is between 11-15 inches screen size for a cheap price. I'm looking mainly for portability that I can plug into a laptop to increase productivity. I would also need the monitor to be as thin as possible. I would be fine with a HDMI monitor too but I'm thinking of getting a couple and I only have one HDMI cable. Screen rez isn't a concern for me. Only as long as its not lower than 720p.
Can anyone recommend a low-cost multifunction printer/scanner that can perform 2-sided scans (aka double-sided or duplex scans)?   Can include a laser or inkjet printer. Sheet-fed scanner is preferred, but not required.  Please specify in your answer if it has a sheet-fed scanner.  I'm thinking the only way to have 2-sided scanning would be sheet-fed, but I'm happy to be proven wrong! WiFi access is required. Fax is not needed.  Only printing and scanning functions are required. Preferred cost should be under $150 (sale price is fine).
Update: See my answer. TL;DR, just get an old computer if this is what you want to do.   However, if anyone does have a USB-IDE adapter which they confirmed to work with ATA Secure Erase, whether laptop or desktop I'd love to hear about it and please post below. What would also be helpful is a PATA-SATA adapter that supports ASE functions.  Ha, I found this one: http://www.datadev.com/hard-drive-eraser-data-security-secure-erase-overwrite-software-hammer.html  At four grand, a little on the pricey side :).
A friend and I are working on remote machines (i.e. a thousand miles away). They need to share a USB device, and there are many wonderful solutions for this such as  https://www.amazon.com/Kensington-ShareCentral-Device-Sharing-K33900US/dp/B0014IUVQA  The only problem is that the switch is manual, which is sufficient for most cases. But not good for Mr 1000-miles-away Superuser. Is anyone aware of a company that makes switches (USB or KVM) that can be controlled remotely, either by the host machines, or possibly via internet?
I'm searching for an ATX power supply which is powered by a 12V input. Peak power 300W.  Outputs:   1 standard ATX mainboard connector 1 4-pin cpu power connector 1 6-pin PCI-E power connector 2 SATA power connectors (5V is enough)   Input: 12V.  I found various power supplies which provide only the first two connectors. Now I can improvise the SATA connectors (step-down the 12V to 5V, wire up the connectors, done), but the PCI-E connector isn't that simple I think (has a sense line to compensate for voltage drops).  A sufficient answer would either be the power supply I described, or if someone knew if it's possible to drop the sense line from the PCI-E connector (and if the answer is yes), then that would also solve my problem.
I use an Apple TimeCapsule (2011) as my home LAN router.   I've run out of free Ethernet ports on the TimeCapsule, so I need to extend the network; probably using a Gigabit switch.  From the TimeCapsule, I'm going to run a 10 metre CAT6 Ethernet cable, to a switch, and then from that connect to my NAS and Philips Hue hub. The NAS is my main media server, so therefore network speed is a consideration.  I have never purchased a Gigabit switch before, so I'm pretty oblivious where to begin searching in the consumer jungle.  Questions:   Are Gigabit switches generally commoditized products, or are they differentiated in meaningful ways? If so, what are the considerations that generally should be taken into account? Speed, security, ease and access to configuration, choice of brand and services/support?   My impression is that switches for home use are relatively commoditized and fail-safe products, and cost competitive alternatives can be easily found. Am I wrong in this? Could the switch, for instance, impair the functionality of my NAS in some way?  Requirements:   I'm looking for a fairly cheap Gigabit Switch, typically with 3-4 ports. Perhaps around the $30-50 USD mark or less if possible. It should have all functionality that should be expected of a consumer-grade personal LAN Gigabit switch.
I'm looking for a Bluetooth-based Traffic Message Channel (RDS-TMC) receiver which communicates over a known protocol, allowing me to query it via a program I'm going to develop myself.   There are some Bluetooth TMC devices out there, but I suspect some of them might speak the same proprietary protocol as their USB counterparts.  Has anyone come across anything like that?
I'm searching for a phone which meets those requirements:   Either below $100, or rugged (that is, I want to minimize cost of use. And I tend to drop things)  No larger than 4.5", but the smaller the better Supported by current LineageOS (used to be named Cyanogenmod) 4G Removable storage, i.e. uSD   While there are other requirements, I don't think there can be a candidate which meets the ones I listed, but not the ones I didn't list.
Because I will have to send my OnePlus 2 away for repairs, I have been looking for a solid back-up phone that compensates for the features my current phone lacks (expandable storage and quick charging).  I have looked into phones from Xiaomi and LeEco since they have interesting phones such as the Mi Max and the LeMax 2. Both phones have distinctive features for a price that cannot be ignored.  Watching a lot of reviews, here are the things I like/dislike about both phones:  Xiaomi Mi Max   Has a huge screen coming in at 6.44 inch Has a large battery that lasts two to three days for more users The version I want to get, sports 4 gigs of RAM and 128 gigs of storage Has the option to expand the storage with an additional SD card The 16 MP camera is decent during the day but mediocre in low light situations The build quality is not on par with the LeMax 2 Still uses micro USB for data transfer and charging   LeEco LeMax 2   Incredible specs at a very decent price (4 gigs of RAM, a Snapdragon 820 SoC and a 21 MP camera) Uses USB-C for data transfer and charging Has a better camera than the Mi Max on the front and the back Lacks a dedicated audio jack (but an adapter is included) Storage is not (easily) expandable The battery is of a lesser capacity than the Mi Max   Where and what will I be using it for?  I'll be mainly using it to series and movies when I'm traveling. I will also use the phone at festivals and conventions to ocassionally take pictures and record videos.  That left me in the middle since the Mi Max sounds like the perfect phone to consume media without having to worry about the battery running dry.  On the other hand, the LeEco has the superior specs and might even beat my OnePlus Two but the storage is not expandable which is a pity....  Which phone would suit my needs based on what both phones offer?  Note: I already have a few shops where I can order the phones so that won't necessary.
We need an external light for a Raspberry PI. This light should already ship with a case. Also it needs to have a cable (about 1 m). It doesn't matter whether it's USB or is plugged directly in the hardware pins of the PI. This light should be able to display RGB light. Some SDK should be shipped with it (like a Python library etc.).
I have several computers that I plug into a stereo. With it, I can select which computer I want to listen to. But the thing is, I want to be able to listen to them all at once. There are audio mixers out there that will combine inputs, but they all involve studio mixing, which has far more functionality (and therefore cost) than I want to spend. How I can listen to multiple audio sources at once from one stereo? Daisy chaining has been one solution so far, but it's cumbersome and needlessly complex for what should be a simple task.
I am going to buy a HTC Vive VR headset and a new PC dedicated to running it - which I am currently trying to spec.  I am confused about the price disparity between graphics cards with the same chipset. For example, several manufacturers produce a card using the NVidia GeForce GTX 1080 chipset & the disparity in price is significant. Currently, the most expensive cards cost 60% more than the least expensive one.  https://www.mwave.com.au/graphics-cards/geforce-gtx-1080  For reference, selected prices (in Australian dollars) from the above website in Mar/2017 are:  Galax GeForce GTX 1080 EXOC 8GB                  $749 ASUS  GeForce GTX 1080 ROG Strix Gaming OC 8GB   $1199 MSI   GeForce GTX 1080 Sea Hawk EK X 8GB         $1199 EVGA  GeForce GTX 1080 FTW HYBRID GAMING 8GB     $1199 EVGA  GeForce GTX 1080 FTW2 Gaming iCX 8GB       $1199   Some manufacturers even produce different models using the same chipset. I naively expected that cards using the same chipset would give roughly the same performance. Given the price disparity, I suspect this is not the case or there must be some other significant points of differentiation (aka features). I'd like to understand a bit better what these are.  Just so I don't get in trouble for being off-topic, here's my current dilemma: in what ways is a Galax GeForce GTX 1080 EXOC 8GB better/worse than an MSI GeForce GTX 1070 Gaming X 8GB? (Apart from the former costing only 17% more ($110) than the latter.) However, as mentioned above, I really would also like to understand how the higher price tags on some graphics cards are justified.  Thanks for any help.
I am looking for a Nas for home use.  my needs :    data Storage (Photos, Videos, Etc.) Multimedia server (streaming, Music) Surveillance station (communication with cameras)   I've been searching for a couple of weeks and now i am hesitating between two brands : Synology and QNap and precisely two NAS : the Synology DS216+II and the QNap TS251+   The QNap Hardware looks more interesting : 2GB RAM upgradable to 8GB, Quad Core CPU, the Synology 1GB RAM not upgradable and dual core CPU. Both NAS have almost the same price.  It will be my first Nas so i don't have any experience with none of the two brands.   Which product meets my needs and has better reliability?
Requirements: 1. Should be able to run C++ programs 2. Price should be less then 20$ (better if <=10$)
Please advise of any smartwatches that have timers that autorestart features namely where dismiss and reset are in one swipe and swipes are required or how certain smartwatch alarms can achieve such.  Context:  I had previously asked about Pomodoro or HIIT timer variants that have an autoreset feature unlike timer but still asked to be dismissed. Do Android smartwatches have something like what I Can't Wake Up has?  Example:  Let's say it is 11:59am. I want to be reminded of the time at 12:05pm and then be reminded every 5 minutes.  Currently, I am using my phone.  So either I set a timer for 5 minutes when it's 12pm or I set an alarm to ring at 12:05pm. If timer: I want an option to autorestart after dismiss (so far I haven't found any). If alarm: I want an option to snooze not so easily (with I Can't Wake Up, I can make it so that I have to slide up to snooze or slide down to dismiss).  But it's a hassle to get my phone out every time wherein sometimes I have to first unlock the phone first snoozing the alarm (I Can't Wake Up has 'Quit Block', but I have yet to try this).  I'm hoping some smartwatch has the ability to go off at 12:05pm or 5 minutes after I set the timer (which would be around 12pm) so that I just have to swipe my watch instead of taking out my phone.  I haven't been able to find such features for any smartwatch, but I may be using wrong keywords.
I know I have seen it before, on older Tv's, was wondering what to look for to convert it to optical.
I'm interested in buying the cheapest possible 3D printer that is user-friendly.  That is, I don't want to have to do any assembly or trouble-shooting.  If possible I just want to set it up, download the design, and click print, without having to know technical details.  Here are the three cheapest 3D printers I've found:   The da Vinci Nano, which is $230. The Monoprice Select Mini, which is $199. Reprap, which is an open-source self-replicating 3D printer, and which is in a variety of models and prices, the cheapest usually being in the $150-$165 range.   Of the three, I think Reprap is probably the least user friendly; it involves a kit that you have to assemble.  Which product is recommended for me? I'm looking for one that is safe, and preferably one that works with an iPhone instead of requiring me to use a computer.
Currently if you try to buy a "wireless charging" product to charge your phone, you'll mostly come across products based on the Wireless Power Consortium's Qi.  These products involve placing your phone on an inductive charging pad, which is hardly what the average person thinks of when they hear the phrase "wireless power."  It's only "wireless" in the sense that it does involve wires, not wireless in the sense of not requiring contact.  My question is, are there any long-distance wireless charging products, i.e. products which allow your phone to charge when it's in your hand and not in physical contact with the power transmitter?  So far I've come across two products which are releasing in the next year:   Energous' Far Field WattUp Transmitter, which has a range of 15 feet and is releasing in the first half of 2018 Motherbox, which has a range of 20 inches and is releasing in September 2017   But are there any products which are available right now, or at least coming sooner than those two products?
I am a camera man in my church and I want to add lyrics, bible verse input too to the projector, which is currently in first floor only.  I want a suggestion for the equipments required for camera laptop and long range wiring.    Current scenario:  Camera and laptop output in HDMI but inputs for projector and it's long wiring are in AV wire. As of now HDMI camera connects to AV cable with converter and there's a AV splitter 1 in 4 out box. Splitting into 2, 2 for each floors, men & women.    Changes required:  Church has 5 floors. Gf 1f 2f 3f 4f Display to above 3 floors (If hdmi recommended for projector I can) camera's output to camera floor(1f) not required only laptop's required. A projector or TV (confused) for lyrics and verse(1f). Equipments for this setup from laptop to display.  How I planned:  I already have 2X4 (2 in 4 out with selector button), hdmi splitter for which  2 male-to-male HDMi required connecting camera to splitter and laptop to splitter and output to hdmi to AV converter
Things are moving fast in the 10G market. I'm looking for a cheap switch (almost any kind of switch, probably all 10G will be managed to some extent) with at least 4 and ideally 8 ports capable of taking either 10G OM2 LC connections or (more likely) taking SFP+ transceivers connecting OM2 LC cable.   The connected servers all use Chelsio T420-CR's with Finisar SFP+ transceivers and OM2 cable, if that helps. I usually buy 2nd hand on EBay and I would ideally like an option that is either cheap new, or turns up used reasonably often on EBay. I'm in the EU so I'm limited to models sold in the EU.  As "cheap" is subjective let's say, whatever is available, the cheapest models out there, whether new or used.
I need to grab a device real quick and my two current options are:  Macbook Pro 15" early 2011 i7/8gb of RAM/ssd  Macbook Pro 14" late 2013 retina i5/4gb of RAM/ssd  The work I need to be doing is Photoshop and Sketch (moslty android design stuff)  My question is will I suffer greatly if I do get the 2013 model? I know its 1333 RAM and that I can't upgrade it, but retina is nice and port layout suits me much better. Would photoshop/sketch/OS lag terribly with less RAM?  Thanks
It's simple enough to imagine. I have a phone dock that has no connector of its own, but a place to thread a cable into it. I have a USB C male-to-male cable that goes from the wall charger to this dock. In order to preserve the cable's interior, I want to attach to the end of it a right-angle-adapter so it can be pointed up and into the phone's charging port without bending the cable, itself.  However, after many hours of searching between me and two other friends, we have come up dry. Does such a thing exist, yet?    It's worth noting we did find some "right angle adapters" that turned sideways, but this won't work for this setup; it needs to turn up or down, not left or right.
I am trying to pick ram for my laptop. I can see these types of ram on the site.  Ddr4 2133 pc4 17000 Ddr4 2133 pc4 17000s Ddr4 2133 pc4 17000u Ddr4 2133 pc4 17066r Ddr4 2133 pc3 17066   What does the latter at the end or lack of it mean? Which one should I choose? Also, about the 3 or 4 after pc. What is it supposed to mean? Is bigger number better?
I'm looking for a laptop with an SSD that is pretty much focused on the essentials, which means I don't care if it comes with a good webcam, or if it has fingertip reader or touchscreen or any of that.  What I would like it to have is  SSD instead of HD a decent amount of ram (at least 6GB) weight less than 2 kg (4.4 lb) at least a core i5 in terms of processing   I'm asking this here because, although I can find specs like the ones above in laptops like Samsung NP900, they always seem to have some of the things that I listed as unnecessary (NP900 for example has touchscreen), and I'd like to avoid "wasting" money on those features.  I'm not really working with a price limit because it really depends on the specs. If I buy a laptop that comes with a 164 GB SSD I'll be willing to pay less than I would for a 256 GB one and so on. Although it would be nice to keep it under $900 or so, if possible.  Also, I'm going to use for Linux. So companies like system 76 are acceptable.  Cheers
I am a long running user of the cherry mx red key switch, and I love it! I have used both blue and brown and didn't like either of them. I use my keyboard for intense gaming sessions but also for typing, as I am always typing large documents for school. I have a high typing speed of almost 100 WPM so the cherry mx reds don't feel like they are restricting me from typing at my ability, but rather aiding it.  I like the look of the razer blackwidow V2 keyboard but they use their own key switches. I was wondering what razer key switch would most closely compare to the cherry mx red, and any major similarity's and differences, or pros and cons of the razer key switch over the cherry mx red for my purpose (Gaming/Typing 50/50)
SO, I really love my Moto X 2, and it still work very well, but it's starting to get a little old... the battery doesn't last as much as it did, and the 2GB of RAM is starting to get a little cramped. Also, as usual for Android phones, the software stopped being updated.   What I love about it:   Always-on voice recognition (even with the screen turned off); The sensors in front that allow to turn the phone on using the Force; The light Android skin (no TouchWiz for me, thank you); The AMOLED screen; The small (relative to the current trend of 42" phones) size of 5.2".   Is there any current phone that have those features, but with larger RAM, preferably longer battery life, and size equal or smaller? If it can cost less than $400, even better.
what is the best GPU/Card to use for my work-only rig. I do mainly dev work, Webdesign, massive multitasking with sometimes over 50 browser tabs open on each monitor. I don't game on this PC at all.   My current Hardware:    CPU: i5 4690 @ 3.50GHz Geforce GTX 750Ti 32 GB RAM  Total of 3 Screens: 2 WQHD screens with a res of 2560 x 1440  1 FHD Screen   Screens are connected with HDMI and 2 with DVI since the Card does not have DP.
I have two monitors: Acer GN246HL. Each has a D-Sub, DVI and HDMI. My current video card (GTX 770) has two DVI slots, so this is not a problem I can get both at running 1080p 144hz.  However, newer video cards have one or zero DVI slots. They mostly have DisplayPort ports, which my monitors don't support.  So I'm looking for an adapter that would allow me to use my monitors with newer video cards, to output at 1920x1080@144hz (Exactly like I am doing right now with the 770GTX and two DVI connections). I'm thinking DVI-D to DisplayPort.  Are there such adapters, and are they reliable?
My current device is Moto X (2013), the dimensions are perfect. I am surprised to see that Android does not offer many options in that dimension, I was unable to find any of the phones in the local market. Do you know of any device? I want a device close to pure Android. Since the Moto X was launched by Google the OS was nice.   I was sure that the Pixel line will have a device of the dimension as Apple's iPhone SE. I am looking for a device from Google, HTC or LG.
Are there any recommendations for a single board PC (similar to a Raspberry Pi, for example) which has both HDMI input and output ports?  Trying to catch HDMI input, modify it, and push it to a screen; any thoughts / tips greatly appreciated. My experience in this space is nil, but have a high level understanding of what the build may require
The following power supply units on Ebuyer are described as being "fully wired".  Ace Black 120mm Fan 550W Fully Wired Efficient Power Supply  CIT 450W Fully Wired Efficient Power Supply  PowerCool 850W Fully Wired 80+ Power Supply  CIT Dual Rail 480W Fully Wired Efficient Power Supply  Searching Google for what exactly this means brings up results for modular PSUs, but this PSU here is described as being "fully wired" while also not being modular at all.   The only thing I can think of that "fully wired" would describe would be a PSU that comes wired, but to me that seems about as odd a selling point as a car that comes with wheels. :-)   When buying a PSU, what exactly does "fully wired" mean?
I would like to know if a laptop with Intel(R) Core(TM)i7-4600U @ 2.10GHz 2.70GHz , 2 cores and 4 threats , 4 Mo Cache , 8GB of RAM and 256 Go SSD is capable of running two or more virtual machines simultaneously(let's say for example windows server 2008 and ubuntu 14.04 as VMs) . Thank you in advance
I think a USB endoscope/inspection camera could be useful, for looking in small spaces. It seems there's loads of these available cheaply, eg on Ebay, or Amazon, or Gearbest etc, for under $10.  But which ones are any good?  I would like to connect it to my phone or tablet (Android), so would need a Micro USB connection. Would be useful if it also had an adapter for regular USB. Presumably they require their own app/software.  Is there much difference in image quality between them? I'm not expecting high resolution, just good enough to see what's there.  It would need a cable a couple of metres long, and some sort of LED lighting on the end. And preferably water resistant.
I have a big crowded hall (around 200-300 persons) that I need to cover with Wi-Fi coverage, these people need to access a web server inside the network (it's an intranet). So what is the best hardware implementation? I have a budget of 280$-300$ only. I am thinking of buying multiple access-points (maybe 10-12 access-points?), will this be enough to give a continuous and stable access to users? Is there a better implementation?  I'd also be glad if you kindly recommend any AP brand or a specific model.  Thanks in advance.
This connects my PSU to my SATA HD. What is this type of cable/connector called, and where can I get more, i.e. buy one such cable not a     Edit, added picture of PSU:
Hello community,  Back in 2013 and build my own PC finaly. But nowdays i think its kind old for stuff i am doing at PCs.  What I do on my pc now?  I like playing games . Recently i discover That CS: GO consume 80% of my CPU (am playing FullHD) That a lot i think. I was trying Ghost Recon: wildlands open beta, we frame rate about 20-36 FPS and low settings in fullHD. Other games I play are sometime strategy but also want to play games modern. With friend we play games and sometimes am a host.  I am also YouTuber / Streamer So i make few videos Ghost Recon form, but also record it with nvidia share (with GPU Takes the hard part). For recording using OBS am with nvidia nvec, and same setting for streaming in 720p30 in some games in 60 FPS. Currently we streams are ok, but sometimes get laggy Because the CPU and GPU.  Photoshop, video editing, rendering For pictures and graphic am using photoshop Currently Seems like i have enough power. For editng video rendering and i think its not. Take a long time to make a 20 min video like 40-50 min to render in fullHD. Just for fun i am rendering Also fractals, but its not import.  Sat Those are the most stuff i am doing on my PC. Sometimes am and hosting games and streaming and so on.  My curret build CPU: Intel Core i5-3550p  GPU: Nvidia GTX 660Ti  RAM: 16 gigabytes 1600MHz (two slots) MB: Asrock Z77 pro3  Drive: 1 TB Western Digital PSU: Corsair 600 Watts  My budget I save 400 dolars for upgare.  My opinion In my opinion i need to buy new motherboard and CPU. I am not a guy looking for graphics. I was Considering Intel Core i5-7600 or i7-7700  and motherborad   But i am not sure if it buy new CPU or GPU to boost performence for gameing and recording. And the same time there is a Ryzens with AMD, onestly i am not a fan of AMD i have a bad experince with Them in a trap.  I want to buy new HW for next 4-5 years.  Also i not sure if i need CPU with K, beacuse i never do it  Future GPU In near future i would like to buy Nvidia GTX 1060 (6GB). What's to think? ITS good option for me? or should i take Radeon or 1050Ti?  Anyway thanks for any reply and have a nice day
I have been researching on entry-level graphics cards for about a month and I have come down to four options, which I'm not sure how to finalize. The following are the cards.   Sapphire Nitro Radeon Rx 460 4GB OC [ $199 ] Gigabyte Radeon Rx 460 Windforce OC [ $126 ] ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1050 Ti mini 4GB [ $150 ]  Gigabyte Geforce GTX 1050 Ti 4GB [ $149 ]   The costs are more in my country (India) and hence can be substantially different from other retailers around the globe. Please advice.  Note: I haven't provided any precise requirements because I felt that all the 4 listed cards fall in same generation and they all meet similar requirements - budget, mid-1080p performance, decent-good HEVC decoding/encoding, almost similar performance etc. And future proof is being not to invest anything on GPU for at least 3 years. Instinctive and experience based recommendation is what I'm looking for.  Note2: My minimal requirements for the card is to setup an always on HTPC with onboard HEVC decoding and be able to play AAA titles at decent quality for the next 3-4 years. Budget is limited to sub-$200.
I've recently acquired a Digitus DN-10-05U-1 (10" wide compact rack) to setup my home's network.  Now I'd like to rack some proper 16 ports gigabit switch in there, but I'm really having a hard time finding anything fitting the cabinet.  Everything I could find so far was either too wide, too deep, not rackable, limited to 8 ports, apparently super cheap, don't sell in my country (Belgium), ...  You name it.  Any recommendation ?
I am currently looking for a USB stick with hardware write-protection that is small enough to fit in my keychain.  Searching the internet I could only find the Kanguru SS3, which has a slightly too large form factor.
On my motherboard I have a PCIe v1.0 x16 slot. According to Wikipedia, it's able to transfer at ~4 GB/s.  I'm thinking of getting a PCIe SSD (for example, this one), which is limited to ~3.8 GB/s.  However, the SSD is made for PCIe v3.0 x4, which, despite also being limited to ~3.9 GB/s, poses a problem for me.  Since it's only using 4 slots (hence the x4), if I plug it directly into my PCIe slot, it'll be limited to ~1 GB/s (or a quarter of the speed). Why? Because I have a PCIe version 1.0, and the SSD is designed for 3.0.  Is there an adapter that will take my PCIe v1.0 x16 slot, at 4 GB/s, and give me a PCIE v3.0 x4 slot, at 3.9 GB/s?  If so, could someone recommend one?    This was originally posted over at SuperUser here. Evidently it's off topic there :(, but as this site is still in beta, you can't migrate questions here IIRC.  There was a pretty extended discussion in the comments, so I'll include a screenshot of the post below.
I have an alienware X51 with Windows 10 installed in a HDD. I plan to buy a new SSD and install the latest version of Kubuntu (16.10 Yaketty Yak) on it. Ideally, I would like to preserve the dual-boot: win10 and kubuntu.  On this regard, I have a few questions:   Which SSD would you recommend me to buy and from where? (~250GB should be enough; I live in Belgium) Which cables do I need?   Aprox. budget: 300 USD  I would really appreciate any suggestion.
I have an old pc with a 3rd generation i7 3370, 1155 socket. My problem is that my motherboard seems to be in the end of its life, and I want to change it before it's too late. I'm not planning on upgrading my cpu, so if you guys can recommend me a good motherboard that is also good for gaming, becuase I have an 750gtx ti on this machine, it will be appreciated. By the way, I don't have a budget but I don't want to spend more than 150$ on this. Thanks for your time.
I am majoring in ee in college. There are specific laptop requirements given, which are:   A 64 bit version of Windows (recommended), Linux, or Mac OS. A 64 bit dual core processor from AMD or Intel (i7 Intel or AMD Phenom II recommended) 4 Gigabytes of RAM with capacity to upgrade (8 gigs recommended) 12 inch or larger screen with resolution of 1366x768 or higher NVidia (recommended), AMD (recommended), or Intel integrated graphics processor  USB 2.0 ports (3.0 recommended) Built-in or add-on 100 Mbit wired Ethernet (integrated 1,000 Mbit wired ethernet recommended) Hard disk with 256 Gigabyte capacity (512 recommended) Touch screen recommended   They recommended any model of: Lenovo ThinkPad, Lenovo Yoga, Dell Latitude, Dell Precision, HP EliteBook, etc.  Could anyone help me find a laptop that isn't too expensive (<~$1500) that satisfies these requirements or could recommend a favorite model out of this list?   Thank you so much! This is really needed, any reply would be immensely helpful.
FreedomPop is an MVNO cell phone service that offers a free cell phone plan with 200 minutes, 500 texts, and 500 MB worth of data.  (And you can set it up so it cuts off once you reach the limit, rather than getting hit with overage fees.)  So if you buy a mobile hotspot from them, like this one for $30,  you have a device that entitles you to 500 MB per month of free data for life (or more realistically until they go out of business).  But my question is, do any other cell phone services sell mobile hotspots that entitle you to free monthly data forever?  The only other MVNO cell phone service I know of that has a free cell phone plan is CellNuvo, but they don't sell mobile hotspots, only cell phones, and their cheapest cell phone is $40 with a $29 activation fee.  (There was another MVNO with a great free cell phone plan called RingPlus, but they recently went out of business.)  EDIT: I don't really have a budget, but of course the cheaper the better, and the more free data per month the better.  As I said above, FreedomPop offers a device that costs $30 and gives 500 MB per month, so preferably I want something that's better than that in or of both of those dimensions.  Also, I live in New Jersey, so that's going to be the main place I use it in.
When the Voice over IP (VoIP) company Ooma started, it sold a VoIP home phone that enabled free unlimited calling.  But as it grew, it started charging a variety of monthly fees and taxes, although it grandfathered in people who bought the original product.  My question is, are there any VoIP home phones that really do what Ooma started off doing, i.e. enable free unlimited calling with absolutely no monthly or annual fees or taxes?
I work with industrial PCs built into large pieces of machinery. Most of our deployment process happens over the network, but the first steps need physical monitor/keyboard access to set some BIOS options, enable PXE boot, etc. I do this on the shop floor, standing next to or sometimes actually inside the machinery.  Currently the hardware I use is no more sophisticated than a cast-off office monitor and USB keyboard. The monitor in particular is unwieldy, at risk of damage, and far larger than it needs to be. Balancing a desk stand on top of a hydraulic actuator and securing the screen in place with scrap cable is hardly professional...  Is anybody here aware of a device that provides a small HDMI monitor and a USB keyboard and ideally pointing device, in a compact, portable, and possibly somewhat rugged form factor? I'm picturing something like a 10" or 12" laptop but with no brains of its own, just an HDMI input and USB B connector. In fact, having a range of video inputs would probably be valuable, though the kit I'm working with right now is HDMI. A battery would be useful too, though not essential.  Of course similar things exist in 19" rack form for use in a datacentre, but my datacentre is a factory floor...
I recently bought a Netgear X6 Nighthawk R8000 AC3200 router. It is a piece of crap. I'm looking for a non-expensive replacement for this router. I live in a small apartment sharing the WiFi spectrum with 7+ other networks. I'm looking for one with a strong signal and 802.11ac that will not be interrupted from other people's networks.
My PC Build is : Intel i7 6700K  ASUS Z170 PRO GAMING Mobo 32GB RAM (Corsair Vengence 4x8GB) ASUS NVIDIA 1070 GTX DUAL Antec VP600P PSU  I am planning to get another 1070 GTX card for SLI, will the existing PSU support is sufficient for 2 way SLI or should i upgrade my PSU also?
We're doing a commercial LED installation with some industrial-grade LEDs that are DMX compatible. We need a controller that receive real-time input from a computer to change it's color/brightness/etc. It's a small number of lights in an indoor space. Ideally it uses WiFi, but we can do a hardwired connection without much difficulty. Everything I've looked at so far is either a hobbyist machine or a light show player.
my old system is now more then 7 years old and has, with some updates over time, this components:    Motherboard Name: Asus P8P67 (3xPCI, 2xPCI-E x1, 2xPCI-E x16, 4xDDR3 DIMM, Audio, Gigabit LAN, IEEE-1394) Motherboard Chipset: Intel Cougar Point P67, Intel Sandy Bridge   CPU: Quad-core Intel Core i7-2600K, 4400 MHz (43 x 102)   RAM: 16GB (4x4GB DDR3-1600 SDRAM) DIMM1: G Skill ECO F3-12800CL8-4GBECO -- 4GB DDR3-1600 SDRAM (9-9-9-28 @ 800 MHz) (8-8-8-25 @ 711 MHz) (7-7-7-22 @ 622 MHz) DIMM2: G Skill Ares F3-1600C9-4GAB -- 4GB DDR3-1600 SDRAM (11-11-11-28 @ 800 MHz) (10-10-10-27 @ 761 MHz) (9-9-9-24 @ 685 MHz) (8-8-8-22 @ 609 MHz) (7-7-7-19 @ 533 MHz) (6-6-6-16 @ 457 MHz) DIMM3: G Skill ECO F3-12800CL8-4GBECO -- 4GB DDR3-1600 SDRAM (9-9-9-28 @ 800 MHz) (8-8-8-25 @ 711 MHz) (7-7-7-22 @ 622 MHz) DIMM4: G Skill Ares F3-1600C9-4GAB -- 4GB DDR3-1600 SDRAM (11-11-11-28 @ 800 MHz) (10-10-10-27 @ 761 MHz) (9-9-9-24 @ 685 MHz) (8-8-8-22 @ 609 MHz) (7-7-7-19 @ 533 MHz) (6-6-6-16 @ 457 MHz) Graphics card: EVGA - NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 Ti   Power supply: be quiet - Dark Power Pro (80 Plus Gold) - Model: BQT P9-550W   case: AeroCool RS-9 Professional   My work is in the field of software development with also rendering videos and 3D animations. Unfortunately, my own system lacks in power, so on big projects I outsource the rendering part. But I thought to myself, that after 7 years I can afford a new system with more power, that maybe also can hold 7 years or more (of course depending on the hardware progress).    By problem: I am not good in hardware knowledge. I barley know the main things so I sat down, read some articles and came up with this first attempt of a new computer: https://de.pcpartpicker.com/list/Gp2W7h  My Questions:     I am not sure with the storage. I am planning to use a SSD M2 with a RAID0 including two Western Digital 2TB. Is this something that should be used in a client desktop PC? Or should I use a SSD with a normal SSHD? Should I additionally use a Intel Optane? Or is the new M2 something similar? And Should I use two GTX 980 Ti in SLI, or one single GTX 1080 (normal, no Ti) Is the cooling system I thought of enough for this computer? I am not a big fan of water cooling, but maybe it is necessary? I hope not, but I am willing to learn... What do you think in general of the system?  Where do you think is the problem zone in this system? So what part is the weakest and pulls down the rest?     Sorry for my bad hardware knowledge. I hope, you understand, that not everybody must be an expert in everything. I have my strong points in other areas ;) Also thanks for any help.
Could you suggest a proper 512GB replacement for 256GB Samsung MZ-NTY2560 SSD (standart drive in Samsung Notebook 9 2017)? All options I saw like Samsung 960 Pro make me uncertain about their interchangeability. It's a bit expensive to make a mistake buying this piece, so please excuse my desire to get sure despite of Wikipedia articles about M.2.
My father-in-law suffers from Retinitis Pigmentosa. It's an inherited disease of the retina where the rods and cones (the light sensing cells) on the periphery of your retina gradually start dying. Your field of vision gets narrower and narrower and narrower until you become blind.   We were at a treatment center yesterday for people with inherited retinal diseases, and one thing we saw was this setup where they used a camera to look down on something, like a newspaper, and display it on a large screen to give people the ability to read. It also did a lot of other things that for my father-in-law's case wasn't necessary. The device was very expensive and I was of the thought that I could put something together for cheaper.   I was hoping that someone could share some recommendations for webcams that I would mount on a little stand. Image quality is critical.  His eyes get tired after looking at computer screens too so I was thinking about maybe using a projector to project the image on a nearby wall. I definitely don't know anything about projectors and could use some suggestions here too.  Thank you for any help,  mj
I need a computer that comes with a Bluetooth antenna, GPIO pins (only need one 5v output to trigger a door), ethernet port, and can execute .NET code that I have developed.   I'm currently experimenting with a raspberry PI 3 but I'm afraid it wont be able to handle the desert heat. It regularly hits 120F during the summer, inside a metal housing can reach up to 150F on a hot day. It also rains but I figured a good housing could prevent issues with that.  Any suggestions?
I have a desktop computer I use solely for work. It has multiple monitors. I'd like to get a graphics card for the sole purpose of making multi-monitor as painless as possible. So my criteria are:   Must have excellent Linux support. Easily available drivers, good documentation online, as few known issues as possible, and as little troubleshooting required as possible. Must have multiple ports for multiple monitors. Power doesn't matter. I don't play games or do heavy 3D graphics, and if I want to do GPU computation, I can just use it as a slow test machine when developing but then do my heavy lifting on a beefier machine (like dedicated supercomputer). Something cheap ($100-200 or less) is preferred - often the premium on GPUs is for performance and being on the cutting edge. Given that I am interested in neither of these things, I'd rather not overspend.   This question should be applicable to the many other professional Linux users, but I would appreciate an extra sentence or two in your answer pointing to something that's suited to me in particular. The details of my setup are:   Gigabyte Z97X-UD5H motherboard 16 GB ram i7-4790K Two Dell monitors, both 1920x1080. Dell 1907FPV (resolution detected incorrectly) and U2312HM. On board graphics driving both monitors, one through DVI and one through VGA Manjaro Linux with the Cinnamon spin and compton. Manjaro is arch-based and pretty popular at #3 on distrowatch, but I think it's worth considering the Debian/Ubuntu situation as well with regard to compatibility since those are more popular.   What cheap, decent graphics card can I buy to drive my monitors with the fewest driver, configuration and troubleshooting issues?
I'm looking for a gaming mouse with a metal top. The more metal and less plastic the better. I have look all over the internet and found nothing. Metal bottom doesn't matter. I don't want a metal look, it must actually be metal. It doesn't HAVE to be a gaming mouse but it would be prefered. I don't want to spend too much money on a mouse so if it can be under $40 that would be great. I'm in canada so it would need to ship there. Please not wireless.
I came up with a project for which I'll need a couple of cameras and process their output ideally realtime or with slight delay (feature detection and tracking). Initially I thought about buying couple of cheap web cams, then I realized their framerate and resolution isn't good enough and drivers aren't generally good either. So I went online to look for some sensors and found this website digikey.com with a list of hundreds of sensors. But that only found a few items and from only 3 different manufacturers. Also the pricing seems a bit weird. Well ~$10 for 400x400px unit seems like OK, if I didn't have to buy 2500 units in total. On the other hand there are 640x480 sensors for $110. So while I understand buying thousands of units will be always cheaper then buying a single one, I'm a bit confused from this disproportion of prices. I also found different website, but that doesn't list prices and manufacturers says, on their websites, to contact their sales dept.  So the actual question is:    Do you know a sensor that is around 800*600px and 120FPS or faster + it's price?   I'd expect maybe around $50/unit, but I don't really know how much these things cost.
I have an ASUS Z170 Pro Gaming motherboard I have 2 NVIDIA GeForce 1070 GTX GPUs I want a bridge for these two.I am looking for ASUS ROG SLI HB Bridge and they have two models 3 slot and 4 slot, which one is the right product for my motherboard
I want to use my smartphone's video function, e.g. for recording videos and for making video calls. But I do not want to hold the smartphone in my hand. Is there a good stand that holds the smartphone horizontally? The charging stations usually hold the smartphone vertically which I do not want for recording video. Nice would be a stand not only for one type of phone but for most of the phones.
I have a "Slim line case" with a flex ATX form factor motherboard, and I want a moderate graphics card. Something close to a GTS 450. A Radeon HD 5450 works but i would prefer more power. But It needs to fit in my case, so a more compact size. Length doesn't really matter but it can't take up 2 spaces in the back of the PC. I'm just using it for light gaming. It must have a VGA port and a DVI/VGA/displayport because I am using dual monitors. (Both with VGA but I have adapters for DVI and displayport.) It should be able to run all aspects of Windows 10.
I need an Android phone for long bicycle trips.  Requirements in order of importance:   Long battery lifetime (at least 12 hours with frequent GPS & camera usage, the longer the better) Small enough to fit in trousers pocket Rather good GPS Rather robust, as it might fall a few times Rather good camera (mostly daytime landscapes) Price: Hopefully less than 500 EUR
I want to start music production and I am a total newbie.  I already have most of the equipment required: a (dektop) PC with a more than decent CPU, a Beyerdynamic headset and decent Creative speakers. For the DAW, I watched and read a lot of comparatives and tested some of them before eventually settle for Presonus Studio One, at least for now.  All I lack now is a master keyboard and a real soundcard.  When I selected components for my PC I decided not to buy a sound card at the moment mainly because I  had no more money left on my budget. Now that I want to start producing music, I think the time has come that I invest in it. If possible, I'd like to go for a cheap solution – ideally under $100 (I'm just getting started in music!)  Initially I wanted an internal soundcard like Asus' for instance because I like to keep a clean desk and I don't see the point of having a tower with lots of space if you use external components; and also because I listen to music a lot (obviously) and am not sure an external card is better for listening.  However all the articles and tutorials I have read always mention external cards like Presonus AudioBox (which I really feel like buying because of the free Studio One licence). I searched for debates about internal vs external soundcards and I couldn't extract any answer from them.  What I understood is that external cards are better because they have a physical interface for changing the volume and tons of other parameters; and because they have a better audio input. But the thing is my speakers already have a volume and tone button that I barely use, so I'm not sure I'll need those on an external card; and I don't intend to record anything but rather only use midi intruments.  I am therefore completely lost and have no idea what I should go for. Any insights welcome :)  Edit  The most important use of this soundcard for me would be to have a great output sound, namely better than my motherboard's chipset's.  I don't really intend to record things with it for now, mainly because I don't have a proper mic and my budget is tight enough that I can't invest in one for now. And also because I can't and won't sing. What I'm interested in is producing melodies with MIDI instruments. Sampling, I think, is not my thing.  Therefore I think (using the word think because I am a newbie and I may be wrong totally) that I'll need well basically one input port for my MIDI controller and one input port for my speakers or headset.  Volume control is a cool thing to have, although I bet any external soundcard has one. But it's not mandatory for me, because I already can control volume on my speakers. And tone, too, which I almost never do.  What's more to a sound card I don't know, and this is why I'm asking for advices. Hope this edit made my needs easier to understand and can help people answering.
I need to configure a notebook to "backup" a live-database for 10 years.   The client wants to open the notebook in, let's say, 7 years, start the OS, open up his applications, check some data, shut it down again. It's like a long-term-live-backup-system. I advised him, that maybe a VM with the running DB + clients + virtual storage, saved on an archival DVD / BluRay / tape / SSD (whatever) would be a better and more flexible idea. He was thrilled and said I should do that, too...  So now I need a notebook which has the chance to start up again in ten years.   Ordinarily, every system should be able to provide that, if the hardware is stored in a safe place (temperature, etc.) but maybe somebody here knows of a very stable / durable notebook I could use.  Of course they will be needing a CMOS battery and maybe a new PSU or something, but the main system has to be up and running again on very short notice.  Somebody got any experience in this and could provide me with some info / thoughts?  Edit: tl;dr: I need a "durable" laptop, which will be powered off for 10 years and still has a chance to be up and running again on short notice, with no to few expectable hardware failures.
My 3-year-old Lorex NVR is dead.  I have six POE HD IP cameras: Lorex models   LNB2153 LND2152 MCNB2151   I want to get an 8-16 channel NVR that will work with those, and that will also support newer IP cameras.  Recommendations?
I need your help regarding my graphics on my PC. Ubuntu 16.04 still gives me some problems and I would love to think buying a VGA card since i am using my integrated one. I think this is the problem i face. Some tearing when scrolling Firefox - some images while browsing are lagging my UI a bit and overall i am not so happy. My PC specs are:  CPU : AMD A8 7600 (Kaveri APU 4 core) R7 graphics, I am using those  SSD : Crucial brand new 275GB  M/B : MSI A88XM - E35  RAM : 6GB DDR3 1600MHZ (4GB + 2GB) Dimms  PSU : Usual 500 watt  I am aware that APU's were facing problems since 16.04 where out. Tried AMD GPU-Pro 16.60 drivers same issues.  I use my machine mainly for web developing like Wordpress etc. No gaming at the moment since I decided to abandon Windows once and for all. On Windows performance was OK.  Also I don't wanna go back to 14.04 since I've tried in the past and missed a lot of features. I think that buying a VGA card will solve my problems.  So the questions are:  1: NVIDIA vs AMD for me?  2: Which model should I prefer? Budget is around 70-80$.
Does anyone know a modern laptop which is equipped with the classic keyboard? Similar to those from old ThinkPad laptops, e.g. T420 or T500?  My problem is that my Thinkpad T420 is at the winter of its live and probably this or next year I would need a new machine and I just hate the chiclet keyboards.
Please, I need your help in selecting a graphic card that supports 4K resolutions (3840x2160 pixels). I mostly need it for general work and for watching some 4K videos. I don't play games at all and thus I am not interested in high-end graphic cards for 4K gaming experience.  In Summary:   Type Of Recommendation: Graphic Card Brand: I don't mind the brand at all. Usage: I only need it to support 4K resolutions and to be able to play 4K movies. No game support is required.   System Information:   CPU: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-6500 - 4 Cores at 3.20 GHz. Motherboard: ASUS Z170-P D3 Operating System: Kubuntu 16.10   Any ideas, recommendations, or comments will be greatly appreciated!
I am looking for a printer which has a good photo quality. Moreover, a continuous ink supply system (3rd party is Ok) should be available. Also good support for GNU/Linux is desirable. Thanks.
I've been looking to replace a couple Anker PowerPort-style 5-port USB-chargers around my house (computer desk, entryway table, laboratory workbench) with ones into which I can plug my 15″ Macbook Pro.  Now, the MBP tops out at 4.35 amps @ 20V (which the Apple-branded 87W power-adapter provides); but the fastest Anker USB-C product I could find only supports 30W on a single port (and only has a single port, at that), while also having serious production issues that disindicate it for everyday use — while the only multi-port product with USB-C doesn't even support power-delivery (providing only the base 5V, for a total of 15W!)  So, the search continues. I need:   A multi-port … (ideally, many-port — 6+ would be great; but minimum of 4) … USB-C … (≥4 USB-C ports; though a couple 5V USB-A ports wouldn't go amiss) … 100W charger. (i.e. supports USB-PD's 20V mode)   What I don't need is:   A hub, (I don't need data pass-through of any sort, just wall-charging of multiple USB-C devices simultaneously wherever I happen to be in the house) nor full-speed charging of multiple devices. (as long as any individual port can charge at 100W if left alone, I'm happy if connecting multiple high-draw devices slows it down)
I would like to build a home server that runs Ubuntu Server with Resilio Sync and RClone. I think I can handle the software side but am having a hard time with the hardware side. I don't need wifi as I can plug it straight into my router (although I might decide to move it later so being able to add the capability might be nice). I would like it to be quiet since it will be in a living area. I would like it to be low cost maybe $200 to $300.  I would back it up to Google Cloud once a month with RClone. Most of the data will not be synced with other computers since a lot of it is for historical purposes or rarely used. Some of the data would need to be used with Resilio sync with selective sync for when we need the data on our other computers, this would be photos (over 12k and growing), movies, and some files. As Resilio Sync can be a bit of a resource hog when syncing 10s of thousands of files I will try to limit how many files it actually syncs but it will still be significant with the photos.  So, I need something that has decent processing power. Can upload relatively quickly and hold up to 200 G and growing amount of data (so, maybe 1 TB for now).  So, my needs aren't super great but I want to get something that will last 5 years or so, so I don't have to go through this again for a while.  Is there a place I can find a tutorial that will guide me through this? Many of the computers I'm finding seem to be overkill for my needs. I found this Intel NM10 Black Mini but they say it is loud. The NUCs seem like they are more than what I need.  Thanks ahead of time for any help/guidance on this topic.  Update  After looking at this more I've found an affordable Intel NUC that should serve my needs. Intel NUC NUC5CPYH
Premise  I have seen interesting external vacuum/clamp on coolers that are mounted on laptops to cooldown the hot air around the fan as seen here. As laptops don't have liquid cooling, this seems to be one of the most effective cooling solutions available.  With this in mind, I want to see if I can apply an equally effective approach to a coprocessor that doesn't have liquid cooling capabilites (such as the Xeon Phi). I have seen people mount normal external fans on the back of the desktop PC case to help the passively cooled Xeon Phi, but I am convinced there must be a better mousetrap, so to speak.  Why can't I just use normal fans?  The Xeon Phis are ungodly expensive, and I don't want some rinky-dink fan have to be responsible for this huge investment. I also have performance in mind, if I can bring temperatures down, the coprocessor will be able to work better. And lastly, by reducing the strain, I can hopefully improve the lifespan of the Xeon Phi's in a more meaningful degree than your average fan can hope to match.   What am I looking for?  Maybe something similar to the laptop product I alluded to above (but for desktops)?   Specifically, a hardware solution that:   Can provide better passive cooling than normal desktop fans Can be mounted to the back of a PC case (or modified to do so) Can be stacked vertically, as I may get 2 Xeon Phis for the desktop PC Can be powered by the existing power supply of the desktop PC. PSU is a 700W EVGA as seen here. I'm willing to change PSU's if necessary. Can be bought in the color: black (I guess other colors wouldn't be a deal killer) I might as well go all out, budget: $300
I have two audio sources, both using 3.55mm "headphone jack" outputs.  I have one set of powered stereo speakers.  I need to connect both sources to my single pair of speakers. Ideally, I'd like to be able to hear both sources at the same time, but this isn't completely necessary. I ABSOLUTELY do not want to have to press a button to manually switch.  I don't need anything fancy—-no individual volume control or microphone inputs or anything like that. But I do want to avoid any significant loss of audio quality.  How can I do this for under $25? Or if that's completely unreasonable, how can I do it for as little money as possible?     While I suspect this won't matter since the audio is already analog, I play a lot of rhythm video games, so anything that introduces latency is a no-go.
I have recently gotten back into online gaming after being introduced to Overwatch. I've found that in order to get the most out of the game it's important to be on voice. I have a pair of bluetooth headphones that also doubles as a headset which is what I am currently using to talk to my teammates.  However I've run into two issues. The first is that the quality of the game sound and mic is not very good when the headphones are in headset mode and the second is that the battery has died on me a few times in game.  The solution for this would be to get a wired headset in order to talk while in game, wired (USB or analog) provides better quality then bluetooth and usually doesn't consume any power. However, I like having a pair of bluetooth headphones that I can use to listen to music while I'm doing stuff around the house.  Are there any headphones that support bluetooth and a wired option that also have a mic built in? I've been googling around but most headsets for gaming look to support wireless audio over wifi only. The closest I've come is these and I'm not sure the mic quality would be very good.  Thanks!
I want to buy a NVIDIA GTX 1070 GPU for deep learning tasks. The following GPUs are the candidates:   GIGABYTE GV-N1070G1 GAMING-8GD Graphic Card MSI-GeForce-GTX-1070-ARMOR-8G-OC-Graphics-Card   The former is around 100$ more expensive in my country. I think the main difference is their cooling system.   Are there any additional features that justify the price difference?
I'm planning to buy a new laptop and planning to have is for the next 5-7 years laptop. I wanted the laptop for graphic design, programming, video editing and gaming(please don't recommend desktop setup because I'll be traveling a lot thanks).   Alienware: I don't mind the heaviness since I know it has a great built quality but I the color accuracy is not that accurate like XPS.  Chosen specs: -   7th Generation Intel® Core™ i7-7700HQ (Quad-Core, 6MB Cache, up to 3.8GHz w/ Turbo Boost) - NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1060 with 6GB GDDR5 -15.6 inch FHD (1920 x 1080) 60Hz IPS Anti-Glare 300-nits NVIDIA G-SYNC Enabled -16GB DDR4 at 2400MHz -   128GB M.2 SATA 6Gb/s SSD (Boot) + 1TB 7200RPM SATA 6Gb/s (Storage) -   Killer 1535 802.11ac 2x2 WiFi and Bluetooth 4.1 - $1,674.99  Dell XPS: I love the screen and it's almost edgeless but I'm afraid since it's too thin(probably smaller fan). Maybe it could get overheat easily for gaming and probably can be broken like 1-3 years for continuous use.  Chosen specs:  -7th Generation Intel® Core™ i7-7700HQ Quad Core Processor (6M cache, up to 3.8 GHz) -16GB DDR4-2400MHz -512GB PCIe Solid State Drive -NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1050 with 4GB GDDR5 -15.6" FHD (1920 x 1080) InfinityEdge -Killer 1535 802.11ac 2x2 WiFi and Bluetooth 4.1 -97WHr battery -$1,749.99  So I need your help guys which one is really worth it and will last for years(please include explanation too, why you chose XPS or alienware). Thanks !!!!
Good afternoon,  I'm looking to buy an older flagship touchscreen model smartphone, as my primary phone, and I would like to know your opinions and recommendations on what I should look for. My price range is $100-$200  I'm looking for something with a small footprint, like around a 4" screen.  My carrier is T-Mobile, so any unlocked GSM smartphone is okay  No or little bloatware. This is important to me. This is why I can't buy samsung phones anymore.  Performance and features comparable to a galaxy s5. Longer battery life preferable. I dont play any games on it, but do need reliable and glitch free smooth performance.  Custom firmware should be available for this phone, and tools for flashing it should be available as well.  Galaxy S5 Mini was a perfect option for me, until I found that I wasn't able to load custom firmware on it, and it was constantly running updates on processes I was not able to get rid of.  I heard good things about Motorola phones and their platform of little to no bloatware. Is this true? Are they comparable in quality?  Any suggestions for specific models of phones would be greatly appreciated.  Thank you very much.
Recently my MSI GE60 2PL cpu fan started rattling and making weird noises as if its blades were touching something.I opened the laptop and removed dust from fan (i removed the fan too to check if something was stuck in it) after some more testing and research I came to the conclusion that the fan "died". So i ask you this : what brands do you suggest for replacement ? Knowing that my warranty has expired and that sending my laptop to some MSI support center (?) is out of the question. PS : I did find some replacements in aliexpress but i'm just not sure which brand to buy. Thanks
I am looking for an E-Reader for reading scientific articles. The main difficulty I see here is, that most E-Readers seem to be optimzed for viewing scalable ePub files. However I need a device which is able to quickly render complex PDF pages with smaller font sizes and complex figures.  So, to sum it all up, I need a device with a large display in order to keep the font size readable when displaying a whole page on the one hand and on the other hand a device which is fast enough to render complex PDF pages in an acceptable speed.  One option I am still not sure about is the kind of display: I am a great fan of energy-saving eInk displays; but are there some who are able to display colors? So, I am looking for a recommendation and eventually experience reports, if available. Thanks in advance!
I need to create a video matrix. 4 video HD streams in (10MB/s each, 1080p), 1 HD stream out.  This can be done with ffmpeg and vlc.  This will be done on a CLI linux server.    In test everything is working, except that the hardware is too slow for this. Can someone confirm that the cpu is the bottleneck for this project? Or is this something that does it's calculations on a GPU?  Or if it's possible: what hardware setup would you recommend for this? Creating a 2x2 video matrix is the only thing that the server needs to do.
I need a laptop that will cope with light video editing, software development, and maybe a bit of gaming if I have time. I regularly have 30+ tabs open in Chrome, with multiple Word / Excel / Outlook instances open and run disk intensive downloads frequently.  My budget is £875 (GBP) including UK VAT absolute max.  Needs to have   An Intel Core i7 5th Gen or greater At least 256GB harddrive, SSD preferred but can be an m.2 of lesser capacity as long as it has a second HDD FHD (1920x1080) resolution or better 8GB of RAM or more    Would be nice to have (not vital)   15" or larger Screen 8 or more hours of battery life on general computing, not intensive stuff clearly A dedicated GPU   Bear in mind I have built a PC before, and if a cheaper laptop is upgradeable within my budget, im happy to do that, such as buy a bigger internal hdd or RAM with the laptop all within the £875 (GBP)
Lately I have been running in problem with my recent laptop and i have decided to buy a new one.  I have been looking for a laptop to answer the following things:   Powerful CPU (Kaby Lake i7 with Dual Core, even Quad if the price is not high) 8GB Ram minimum and the ability to extend up to 16 gb if needed in the future.. Small in size (13' inch) and weight Battery Life pretty long for at least 7 hours 512GB of SSD Ability to use a Pen with the ActivePen support(TouchScreen + 360 degree flip) Thunderbolt ports to support : 2 monitors, external GPU, external Keyboard and mouse Has decent ability to play games like Dota2, League of Legends and Overwatch   My current laptop is Lenovo Y50 and I didn't really liked it because of its weight and the design, the laptop i had before was HP envy(don't really remember the model number) which was pretty strong with DualCore and 1.5Kg in weight.  The HP was pretty great but water was poured on him by accident.  My main issue with the requests of the laptop was the price.  The laptops that were answering these categories but not fully were HP Spectre x360(2017 edition) and Microsoft Surface 4, Dell XPS 13, Lenovo Yoga 710/910. Each laptop had something missing except for the latest HP Spectre x360 but the price was very high.  Now after all this summary, I saw yesterday that a new laptop has emerged from Lenvovo. The Lenovo Yoga 720 which actually does answer my expectations BUT!  The thing I'm afraid now are the following topics:   I know that i can connect an external GPU for example GeForce GTX 1080, but what about it's preformance through the Thunderbolt, does it degrade? does anything else been done on the CPU(not the GPU processing unit) itself or the iGPU? I want to connect to 1 of the Thunderbolt ports a peripheral which will give me 2 DisplayPorts/Hdmi so I could connect the laptops to 2 monitors at home with keyboard and mouse to work. When I'm not i just disconnect the laptop from the connections and go to College or work. but doesn't 2 monitors will be really hard on the Intel Iris 620? I mean wouldn't the 2 monitors make it degrade or die faster or something like that?   Worth saying that I don't really want to purchase a desktop pc(not a laptop) because of the features i noted at the beginning.  If you have any other options you can recommend instead the Lenovo Yoga 720 i would like to hear.  More over, I heared the Lenovo has Yoga 720 15 inch model which has GTX 1050 dedicated GPU which can be at help at my case. But if the solutions i suggested are better i will go with the 13 inch model with anyone opinion that is on board with the 13 model :)  Thank you and sorry for the long post
I am not extremely familiar with hardware. This question might be easy to answer.   This server has been advertised to handle 6 GPUs. My question is that can it support 6 Dual Slot/Double Width GPUs (High End Quadros, GTX 1080, Titan Xs). This is a 2U Server.  If yes, does it support consumer cards such as GTX 1080 Tis or Titan Xs? How can the power cables be routed?  Model: Supermicro 2028GR-TRHT  Supermicro's Website: https://www.supermicro.com/products/system/2u/2028/sys-2028gr-trht.cfm This is how the server looks like (Image from Supermicro)  Thank you. Help is appreciated.
Hi I'm looking for a system/rack or something similar which will be capable of formatting 10 SATA drives.  It can be more but no less than 10 drives.   I was thinking of some kind of server rack with the soul purpose of formatting the drives. Is this a good idea? I'm open to an suggestions as long as they involve formatting multiple drives from a single system/rack. I'd like to keep costs down as well.  Also is there commercial software that supports the format of multiple drives?
I would like to know the best HDD for massive videos storage, and by massive I mean: at least 2-3GB per each video.  I've tried HGST 8TB HDD but is not working for me because the enclosure I got is not giving enough power to run correctly or maybe is my laptop's fault.  So, I was thinking about smallest HDDs like 2TB/each.  What should I pick to store videos and don't worry about losing any data in the next 3-4 years?  According to Backblaze's tests, HGST and Toshiba seem to be the best if we talk about failure rate.  So yeah, I would need like 5-10HDDs at 2TB each HDD, that's like 10TB or 20TB of videos.  What do you guys recommend? Thanks
I have a laptop which does not have a graphics card, so when heavy computation processes run, all the computation has to be performed by the CPU and it's inbuilt graphics unit. Now because at times there are many tasks running side by side, the load on CPU increases and it gets hotter, and after a threshold point, it gets shutdown instantly in a fraction of second. I clean the fan every week to make sure there is no dust that blocks the passing of warm air out; but I want a better solution. What can I add to my hardware on top of the current heat sink to make sure the cooling becomes more efficient?  Please avoid answers like keep a cooling fan under laptop as a solution. Need a hardware solution if there's any.  I have a Dell 15R Inspiron core i5 Arrandale processor.
can you advice me some good laptops for back end development?  Primary I need good procesor for running servers like, Geoserver, IIS, and so on (i7 ?) and a lot of RAM (12-16GB or more). I do not know if I need external graphic card, I am using sometimes Photoshop for small design, or photo editing. For data I need 512GB SSD or more (if HDD, price must be lower for bought custom SSD).  My budget is max 2000$. Thanks.
A few months ago I bought an i7-4790 with the hopes of overclocking it. Now I've got a pretty good cooler with the CPU running at 40 degrees celsius at max. workload. I soon realised, I needed the K-version to overclock it.   Is it worth buying the i7-4790K with the hopes of overclocking it to 4.4 GHz? Or should I buy a newer version? I want to stick with the socket and mainboard if possible. Mainboard is MSI Z97 Gaming 3.
I'm looking for a server capable of performing the following tasks:   Can be used as a build-server (we have several developers using Microsoft Team Foundation Services) Continuous integration of massive projects Perform CPU intensive tasks (mostly user-mode data parsing) Can be used for load balancing of other stations   Requirements:   The server must be able to run hundreds of processes simultaneously (therefore must include large amount of cores [16+]) Must contain at least 64 GB of RAM Better not include an OS (we already have license for Windows Server so we don't want to pay extra money for operating system) We don't need a lot of storage but we must have at least 1/2 TB of SSD. Better be quiet.   Any recommendations?  Thanks in advance!
I'm looking for a smartwatch, that can record and playback audio, without a phone, as I don't have one.  I'd also prefer that it   have an app store, development kit available, e.g. ios, android wear, or tizen make sense < $200 vibration support speaker microphone   I find so many of these watches want you to have a phone - e.g. the Pebble Time.
are there any tablets which do not allow for the user to typing using fingers, only a pen, Because I want to have a tablet running XP where I can use lying down to type word docs and bug test apps.  I normally use an android phone for typing/web browsing, since It is small and can be used with one hand, however the touch keyboard and small screen is not good for typing. (I also have poor eyesight).  I think a hardware keyboard is probably not a good option. XP has two built in 'on screen keyboards' and many third party apps are available.
I am looking to buy a 220v 10a Universal power adapter for Europe (Schuko type) i.e. something like this:     The problem is that the majority of those, do not have the ground pin connected even if they advertise it as grounded:    or they just can't hold 10a:  So my question is: Where can I find a proper plug adapter?
I have to buy a tablet for a research project. During the project I have to collect sensor and user inputs of the tablet (The goal is to predict the attention level of the user with machine learning). I'm thinking about the following sensors / specifications the tablet should have:   Proximity sensor (proximity of face to device) Acceleration Gyroscope Pressure sensor (touchscreen pressure) Touchscreen input (where touched, trace,...) GPS Audio / Video (front cam) Sim card slot / WLAN   If there are more sensor which I'm currently not aware of, feel free to mention them.  Of course the OS (e.g. Android) has to provide facility to read out the corresponding values. I think the Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 fulfills all requirements, except the pressure sensor. I'm not aware of an Android device which has a pressure sensor built in. I know that new Apple smartphone have a pressure sensor but I don't know if Apple tablets have a pressure sensor as well.  Which device would you recommend fulfilling the above requirements (and having perhaps additional sensors)? May it be Android or iOS...
I'm looking for a USB hub, and learned that USB3.0 has an interference problem with 2.4GHz devices such as routers (though I don't care that much, because I have a dual-band router) and wireless mice (which I do care about, because that's how Logitech mice work).  Are there mixed USB 3.0 + 2.0 hubs other than this one, which has power problems?  And do mixed hubs solve this interference problem if I connect the 2.4GHz device into a 2.0 port of the hub?  (My encounter with the interference was that I had my Logitech mouse plugged in, and when I plugged in a Google Pixel phone, the mouse started stuttering massively.)
For my new application I'll have to start a vector tile server. I followed this tutorial and started such on my old laptop for tests. I would like to know best hardware recomendations for this type of server as there aren't any clear informations about this in Google. Are they the same as for standard OSM server? I expect high usage (more than 1000000 users).
I know that a good mobile phone does this, but I would like to have a camera-ish camera with real buttons, and that I do not need to download my pictures to my laptop but I could upload to facebook on the fly.  What is the correct search term for such a device?  GSM camera gave me surveillance video cameras.
This is the Laptop's Hard Drive That I want to connect to my PC.  This is the existing Hard Drive Cables in my PC. Which Cables Should I purchase to connect HDD to my PC ?
Disclaimer: This is not a question about which projector to buy, as this kind of question is usually not useful on SE.  I may buy my first projector soon. It will be used primarily for streaming HD videos/movies in a living room, from diverse sources (laptop, BD player, other boxes). It will be mounted to the ceiling (normal middle european height - 220-230cm or so), the maximum area to be filled by the image is about 3m wide, but it is not necessary to actually use that up fully, I believe. Sitting distance is about 3-4m away. It will be used during the day and the night. Obviously I accept a very limited viewing experience during the day.   What are the important technical points I need to look at when deciding between different models? Obviously it needs the correct inputs for whatever players I want to attach to it. Then I will likely have to look hard at the cost of the device vs. the cost and frequency of replacing the bulb. And noise may play a role.  Is there a industry-wide comparable measure for luminosity? Does image quality differ wildly these days or is it basically sorted? What else is important?
I have an old power supply with the following characteristics: PORSCHE Model: P4-450W, 20+4 pin connectors  Recently I am assembling a new PC with the following parts: GPU: Gigabyte GTX 1080 CPU: Intel Core i5-6500 Motherboard: MSI z170A RAM: DDR4 2800-16GB  Is my old power supply enough for my new PC or I should buy a new one? What are the possible effects of using the current old power supply?
I am planning a build for machine learning purposes, more specifically, training neural network models for image classification/localization etc, budget is below 2000 euro.  Provisional build is listed here:     PCPartPicker part list: https://pcpartpicker.com/list/MW8PHN      Price breakdown by merchant:   https://pcpartpicker.com/list/MW8PHN/by_merchant/      CPU: Intel Xeon E3-1231 V3 3.4GHz Quad-Core Processor  ($239.99 @   SuperBiiz)       CPU Cooler: Corsair H100i 77.0 CFM Liquid CPU Cooler  ($99.99 @   Corsair)        Motherboard: MSI Z97-GAMING 5 ATX LGA1150 Motherboard       Memory: Crucial Ballistix 8GB (1 x 8GB) DDR3-1866 Memory  ($63.98 @   Directron)        Memory: Crucial Ballistix 8GB (1 x 8GB) DDR3-1866 Memory    ($63.98 @ Directron)       Storage: Intel 600p Series 512GB M.2-2280 Solid State Drive  ($169.99   @ SuperBiiz)       Video Card: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 8GB Superclocked Gaming ACX 3.0   Video Card  ($499.99 @ B&H)       Case: NZXT S340 (Black/Red) ATX Mid Tower Case  ($64.99 @ Newegg)       Power Supply: EVGA SuperNOVA NEX 650W 80+ Gold Certified Fully-Modular   ATX Power Supply  ($74.89 @ OutletPC)       Total: $1277.80   I have a few questions in mind:   I have opted for a Xeon CPU without integrated graphics, because I already have a GPU on board. Will that make it difficult for me to install an OS (Ubuntu Linux) on the machine? I am a bit concerned about the "you need to install a driver to display things, but you need to display things in order to install the system to begin with" catch-22.  I don't need a gaming/fancy motherboard since this is supposed to be just a number cruncher. In fact, I don't even need a keyboard or monitor once the system is setup: I can just ssh into it and execute programs. So can I save a bit money here without compromising performance? Does the power supply listed above have enough wattage to support the whole build? What if I want to add more GPUs to it in the future? Any other suggestions will also be welcome.
Want reduce the multiple devices&cables spaghetti on my desk. So, looking for an device with following (as most as possible) specification:   1-2 port Ethernet ports USB HUB (external powered!)   USB 3 and one USB-C  maybe HDMI or DVI etc... :)   The best would be something which I could name as "motherboard back-panel extender/hub", e.g. something like in the following image, but in one compact the desktop device.  Or as an alternative, something like in the second image, but also with at least 1-2  Ethernet ports, and HDMI or DVI port.
I will to install PS4 games in a USB 2.5 HDD.  Which HDD is better:  Toshiba Canvio Basics 1TB or Western Digital Elements 1TB? I'm thinking in speed and durability.
I have three specific questions:   AMD vs Nvidia: Which company has the most painless graphics drivers? I would prefer to avoid compiling drivers, but if that's required, I will do it. Is a GPU necessary for development work? Would a low-end GPU be acceptable, or would it be best to have a mid-range (like an RX480)? How's the Ryzen 7 support on Fedora as of now?
Enough RAM/processor for multitasking (mainly Office + multitab internet surfing) Preferably Android system supports 3g Budget (up to 300 euros, a little bit more would be fine)
My Product owner recently purchased a 2 drive externa docking station, and I'm trying to do mirroring dual backup over 1 USB, and was wondering if I can do mirroring with http://www.thermaltake.com/products-model.aspx?id=C_00001756 and how I can do it.
I got a small drone that is controllable over wifi - the drone acts as accesspoint, an app on the phone connects to it over the phone's wifi.  And expectably, the drone's AP is short range, the phone's built-in wifi antenna is crap, and as result the drone's range is crap.  I could either get a smartphone with exquisite wifi range, or some kind of extender. Or maybe some ultra-light-weight antenna to attach to the drone (currently the "antenna" is some 4cm of soft wire sticking out the back.)
I want a budget FullHD monitor. The primary use is for office stuff (reading, email, ssh connections, etc.)  I want it to have a HDMI input and some audio output in case i end using it as monitor i can reuse it for a basic multimedia use (watching movies).  A main concern is "eye care" since i will spend too much time in front of it.  I'm looking for the following two options, both from LG, both are on the same price range but have different specs:  1st option (LG-22MT48DF) - http://www.lg.com/uk/monitors/lg-22MT48DF-PZ  Pros:  (TV and Monitor): which means more multimedia options IPS: better image quality Fliker safe Eye comfort mode  Cons:   Response time: 14ms Contrast: 1000:1   2nd Option (LG-24M38H) - http://www.lg.com/in/monitors/lg-24M38H  Pros:  Response Time: 5ms Contrast: 5000000:1 A little bigger Fliker safe Eye comfort mode Little bigger  Cons:  Less multimedia options  TN display (less quality from different view angles)   EDIT: A New Competitor comes into play!  3rd Option (ASUS VP228H)  Pros:  Response Time: 1ms GTG Contrast: 100,000,000:1 Flicker Free Blue Light Filter Built in speakers  Cons:  Thicker LCD not LED   I'm considering to go for the first option for the extra multimedia capacity. However, i'm concerned about Response time: 14ms and Contrast: 1000:1   I know that both are Flicker Safe and have Eye Comfort Mode but, What would be the best option to not hurt my eyes?  Is there any other recommendation on budget FullHD HDMI monitor?  EDIT:  I'm now seriously considering the Asus Option.
I need to find an ARM development board that can be powered with a 5V or 12V PSU. It also must have USB 3 host and USB 3 OTG. It should also have a MicroSD slot and more RAM is a good thing, but I will be happy with 1GB.   Other than that, it should be as small as possible, but that's not very important for a prototype. Something similar to the ODROID-XU3 Lite would be great for a prototype, but it's gone out of production and newer versions doesn't have USB3 OTG. http://www.hardkernel.com/main/products/prdt_info.php?g_code=G141351880955
I'm running 3 servers and not sure who makes good quality KVM switches. A recommendation for a cheap 4 port KVM switch to improve my keyboard handling, would really help.  I have an old home-use KVM already but it works by disconnecting/reconnecting the USB hub as it switches, so the servers are constantly redetecting and reconnecting the KVM's hub and keyboard (causing console spam and slowness!) and keyboard connectivity is very poorly handled.   I've looked up full DDM switches but they start around £250 which I can't justify. Is there anything in between? I've tried to understand the classes of KVM switch but it's still confusing which kind I'm actually after.  In terms of connection, the devices are pretty simple: standard wired USB keyboard, standard wired USB mouse, and a monitor at the moment 1280 x 1024 but ideally up to 1920x1200 "just in case" I upgrade it. But the keyboard handling is the priority as I don't have anything that handles KB switching nicely.  (I can handle VGA/DSUB monitor connectivity and if it doesn't cost too much more I'd like to know of a digital alternative - DVI or displayport.) The KVM box format is less important but smaller is better.  I'd ideally like to handle rebooting multiple machines together so I don't have to wait 3 minutes to reboot one then the next, but if getting video magic/DDC/EDID emulation (or whatevers needed for better monitor handling) in the same KVM as decent KB handling will add a lot to the cost, then it's not essential, I'll take a cheaper KVM that handles the keyboard nicely.  (Basically, as long as it handles simple video correctly - I won't be using multiple monitors or swapping monitors in use, although I might need to briefly disconnect/reconnect the monitor I'm using now and then. Even a little latency isn't a problem. The crucial factor is that good keyboard handling when switching between servers is important.)  Other than that, it's mostly about price. I'm happy buying secondhand if I knew what to look for, but I suspect this is one of those product types where you only find how well it works if you know who makes them well, or after you buy.....
I heard the TV white space (Radio) is unallocated frequency given to broadcasting services. been reading about the superwifi using this frequency and thought how one can use it for personal use.  Q1: My question is, if i wanted to send data from one computer to another using white space which equipments can i use to transfer data, can existing tv receivers and transmitters be used or what are the best devices to use?
I'm a little unsure what board to buy here. The Banana Pi M3 seems to have a faster CPU, with eight cores compared to a quad core on the Asus tinker board. I haven't been able to find a comparison between the two performance wise.  Can someone point me in the right direction or maybe even tell the difference if you happen to have both boards?
I'm looking for an Android TV box recommendation. I found this one: TV Box Sunvell T95Z Plus but the last review I saw was from January and I don't know if there is anything better than Sunvell T95Z Plus.  The characteristics of the TV box would be pretty much what this one has: Android+HDMI+WIFI  Thank you all in advance!
I have two speakers with 8 ohms 91dz and 100w rms (250w max). How much watt and ohms will my amplifier need? I lack basic understanding of electronics and therefore need advise on the minimal requirements an amplifier needs to not destroy my speakers.
I'm shopping for a new PC for school, and I'm really looking at tablet 2-in-1's. I want to have an active stylus to take notes on in class, and I've found a really good tablet from Acer (Aspire Switch Alpha 12, if you're interested), but I've heard that the pen is sub-par.  I know that many 2-in-1 makers (like Dell, HP, Lenovo, Acer, etc) use the same general technology to make their active pens work, but does anyone know if you could actually use a pen from a different OEM than the one you got your tablet from?  Again, this is kind of a broad question, so I just want to know if anyone has had success doing it at all.  Thanks.
I'm looking for a motherboard for a pfSense-based firewall with low power consumption (about 10 watts) and 3 LAN ports. Looking for a solution I found these motherboards: Alix 2d13 and Apu2c4 but I'm more inclined to apu2c4 because it should have gigabit LAN ports. What's the best for you?  If you know other motherboards that meet my requirements please propose them as well.
I need to buy a new HDD for my private data storage (photographs I take mostly) Please recommend me what brand / model is less likely to fail/break. I don't care for performance, I care for reliability  I've got several HDDs in recent yeards, mostly Seagate and one Samsung, and all of them had serious problems. The current one I was using (1.5TB Seagate) is dying (makes clicking sound when running and became very slow) so I need to make a backup ASAP.
I'm looking for a non-gaming video card with two HDMI or displayport outputs and a KVM that has inputs to connect 2 computers via USB.
I would like to have 6TB of RAID1 for CCTV footage. Instead of buying 2 6TB WD Purple drives + RAID enclosure, I was wondering if I can just get a MyBook Duo (which has 2 WD Red drives in it).  Will the WD Red hard drives die significantly faster if I use them for storing CCTV footage 24/7? Is it worth spending the extra money+time to get 2 WD Purples + a RAID enclosure?
I'm currently using Logitech HD C910 webcam. Among its properties which are important to me are:   Resolution of 2592x1944, which is good enough for me (5Mpx) Manually-configurable (via UVC interface) focus, gain, exposure, white balance Linux compatibility (with default uvcvideo driver)   What dissatisfies me:   Poor focus of remote objects: sample image Noise when gain and exposure are high, and lighting is low: sample image Maximum frame rate is 10 FPS when MJPG format is used USB 2.0, which limits frame rate in principle   I'm looking for a replacement camera, which would have all the advantages listed above, but:   Could focus well at remote objects as well as nearer ones Had low noise at high gain and exposition in dark environment Provided frame rate of at least 20 FPS at max resolution Supported USB 3.1 or at least 3.0 Costed less than 8500 RUR (150 USD)   The replacement doesn't have to be exactly a webcam: it could be a photo-/video-/action-/etc. camera, it just must satisfy the requirements I listed above.
I have a complicated Home theater system with a TV, a cable box, a Blu-Ray player, an AV receiver, a 3D adapter, an HDMI switcher, and an Intel Compute Stick.  Over the years, I've controlled this system with various Logitech Harmony universal remotes.  They've gotten better over the years; my first one was controlled by buttons, then they introduced touch screens, and now my latest one comes with a Harmony hub which bounces infrared light off of walls.  And it comes with an iPhone app you can use if you don't have the remote handy.  But there's one complaint I've had about all the Logitech Harmony devices I have owned: when the remote fails to turn on everything properly, you to have to use a "Help" feature where you specify what devices are still not on and what devices are not set to the right input.  So my question is, are there any universal remotes that automatically detect what devices are on or off, fixing those problems automatically to save you from the hassle of using the Help feature?  It should definitely be possible to check the state of various devices.  After all, I used to have a Google TV Blu-Ray player which plugged into your cable box and access data from it.  Are there any Universal Remote systems that plug into your various devices, or somehow wirelessly ping your devices to see if they're on, and maybe even what input they're set at?
There are currently three main tiers of virtual reality headsets on the market:   At the low end, there are Google Cardboard-style headsets, made out of either cardboard or plastic that you can get for as low as a dollar.  They work with essentially all smartphones, but they only feature rotational tracking, not positional tracking.  And they don't have a VR operating system, so you have to first navigate to the VR app you want and then put the headset on. There are medium-tier devices, specifically the Samsung Gear VR headset and the Google Daydream View headset, that you can get for about $100.  They too only feature rotational tracking, and they're limited to one specific smartphone, but they have a whole built-in VR operating system you can explore VR apps within. At the high-end, there are headsets like the Oculus Rift and HTC Vivek, that generally cost $1000 or more once you take into account the price of the gaming PC you have to tether the headset to.  They feature both rotational tracking and positional tracking.   My question is, what is the cheapest VR headset you can buy that has positional tracking?  I want the cost to take into account the price of e gaming PC if you need one to use it.  But if it's smartphone-based, there's no need to take into account the price of the smartphone.    So far the cheapest one I've found is the Occipital Bridge, which is $400, only works with iPhones, and does not require a gaming PC.  It's available for pre-order know and ships in mid-May.    There's also the Acer headset which will release by the end of the year, and which is supposed to cost only $300.   And then there are the inside-out VR headsets under development listed in the end of my question here.  But does anyone know the cheapest product that's available right now?
I am looking for a small case with the following requirements:  Hardware that should fit in:   ASRock H77 Pro4/MVP, Sockel 1155, ATX  Gigabiyte Radeon HD 7950 4 HDD + 1 SSD be quiet! Pure Power L7 530   Following features of the case:   got swappable HDDs (SSD is not a must) as small as possible maybe RGB Support 2-3 USB at the front Noise reduction good airflow   There is no budget limitations so please give me every recommendation you have.
My wife is a classical musician and is tired of managing stacks of music scores on paper. She would like an electronic device that she could place on the stand at the piano or organ and have it display the score. She says there are Bluetooth pedal devices to flip pages.  Music scores are typically PDF files intended for an A4 page. We do have an old 9.7 inch 3:4 device (with Android 4.something) but the screen is somewhat too small for comfortable reading of A4 scores.  I have seen A4 flat devices with pens, intended for artists, but they are quite expensive. Ditto Microsoft Surface. And we don't really need anything powerful, it is just for displaying PDF files. But while there are cheap 15.4 inch laptops, there is no room for the laptop keyboard on the typical stand, and besides, the screen needs to be turned into portrait orientation.  Are there any flat devices that would be near a4 size and cheap? We don't even strictly need it to have touch capabilities.
I am looking for a home weather station that can work as follows:   Cordless: gets its power from battery + integrated solar panel Wireless communication interface: for retrieving and storing historical data from a computer/server. If power provided by battery or solar panel I'm assuming this won't be WIFI since it's too energy intensive, so maybe Bluetooth?   The idea is to install it on my roof to measure wind speed and sun exposure for a year in order to calculate potential Return On Investment if I were to install a wind turbine or solar panels.  I looked on Amazon and there are zillions out there, any recommendations to help me get started would be great.
I have a Peachtree Audio DAC, and a sonos Connect Amp. I went with the Peachtree Audio to have the benefits of the 'warmer' effects on my digital media. And I went with the Sono Connect Amp to be able to connect to my NAS or stream directly.   My question is what is the best configuration for my amps (if any)? Or is there another hardware item I can buy to make the puzzle pieces fit?   Before I got the Connect Amp, I had played my digital media over USB connected to my DAC. But now with the Connect, if I have a network cable running from my NAS to the Sonos Connect Amp, will my DAC ever get a chance to play its part? I'm guessing no? I'm a little confused.  My complete system is:   DAC: Peachtree Audio Nova AMP: Sonos Connect Amp Speakers: Bose 901 (don't ask why haha) SW: Sunfire SDS 12
I am trying to find a reliable motherboard with 2 ethernet ports that can each handle at least a 1 Gbit/s, that supports a 6 or 8 core CPU (I was looking at these cpu-s). I found it extremely hard to search for motherboards with 2 ethernet ports as this is seemingly not an issue for most people.  I hope someone can help me.
I've just started working as a GIS technician in a land agency firm. I'm handling large datasets such as historic house sales (~500,000 rows of data per year) and executing heavy duty operations, sub-sequentially putting pressure on a laptop and PC which I've been given to work on. Currently I'm concentrating on 2D visualisation of data but anticipate 3D will come into play further down the line. I'm using QGIS running at version 2.18.5.  Laptop:  Windows 10, 64 bit  Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-6500U CPU @ 2.50GHz 2601Mhz, 2 cores, 4 logical processors  Installed Physical Memory 8.00 GB  Total Available Physical Memory 7.89 GB  Available Physical Memory 3.74 GB  Total Virtual Memory 17.8 GB  Available Virtual Memory 12.7 GB GB  AMD Radeon R7 M370 Graphics Card   PC:  Windows 7, 64 bit  Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E3-1225 v5 @ 3.30GHz, 3301 Mhz, 4 cores, 4 logical processors  Installed Physical Memory 8.00 GB  Total Available Physical Memory 7.89 GB  Available Physical Memory 3.85 GB  Total Virtual Memory 15.8 GB  Available Virtual Memory 11.7 GB  (On-board) Intel HD Graphics P530 Graphics Card   I've created a stress test with the following shapefile, (EPSG '27700') operating an 'inverse' distance buffer on it (conduct at your own choosing): https://www.dropbox.com/s/0e4wyp13mwbb85d/Benchmark%20Test.zip?dl=0 The shapefile shows all the planning local authorities in the UK, the boundaries of which are made up with many vertices. The test with 'shrink' the polygon features due to a negative buffer setting. The algorithm is the most demanding I've come across hence I've set it up to be my benchmark test.  Both PC and Laptop choke at 95% if distance is set at '-1000' and segments left at '5'. At 2 hours into the algorithium, there was no progress beyond 95% although it took <5 mins to get to 95%.  If the buffer is increased to '-100' the laptop and PC both manage it in good time (min:sec).  Laptop: Time: 5:50  PC:  Time: 4:30   The company is planning to get some more powerful hardware for me. The test is purely meant as a comparison and to gain some perspective. If you are running shorter times, or have a good perception for what PC components make QGIS tick faster please let me know.
The router will take signals out of my ISP router on the second floor and "repeat" the signals to every body on the first floor.  Price range $200.  I am using 2 router now.  One is xiaomi router  Another is TP-LINK 196108  The former is doing fine. I am using it right now. However, when I tried to run some mining algorithm suddenly the internet broke. The connection between the router to the ISP router becomes "bad"  And it's always happening.  I look on the web and I found that I have to find routers with high receiver sensitivity.  There are a bunch of choices  http://www.dd-wrt.com/phpBB2/viewtopic.php?t=29619&sid=59386f455c37988c6ea0f5f209ca8bec  says I should go for 802.11ac router instead of 802.11n? That seems to do more with speed instead of range. 802.11ac seems to have even less range than 802.11n  My problem is in how well the router deal with my ISP router on the second floor. It seems that the transmission of data across all devices on the same first floor is fine. All devices at my home can easily access my first floor router.  It's just that when too many devices connect to the same router, then connections start becoming problematic.  So basically I need a router on first floor that   Have high receiver sensitivity so it can detect and communicate with my ISP router on second floor Have strong power too. I am sure it also has to transmit data to my ISP router on second floor. Optional: Have dual connections. So can connect 802.11ac and 802.11 n. My xiaomi wireless is like that. So I can connect to both. If not, many of my devices won't be able to access it   Actually what I really need is more of a "booster". I am not sure if signals from ISP routers are using 2.4 ghz frequency or 5ghz frequency. How do I find out?  I also wants to measure signal strength of my ISP booster so I can get better number. Any way how should I do so?  That way I can ask for -80 db signal sensitivity rather than "high" signal sensitivity receiver.
If I googled best Linux laptops in 2017 I came up with a list like:   Dell XPS 13 Developer Edition  System76 Galago Pro Purism Librem 13 Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon   What use cases (except video editing, virtualbox, gaming) will break performance of a cheep alternative laptop like Acer Chromebook 15 CB5-571-C1DZ? What are your experience, when you need a upper class laptop in your daily life? Or can we say everything becomes faster on a laptop in the list above against Acer Chromebook 15, regardless which Applications you will run.
I have acer e5 473g and yesterday its fell from my bed and after the laptop fell the laptop went off  And after i turn it on again the laptop stuck at acer logo didnt reach windows10 loading circle and it made a weird noise:  Noise  Whats wrong and can its still be fixed? Sorry if im asking at the wrong place... thanks
We need to purchase a new Router for our company (More than 70 user in one building) the required specification is: Load Balancing, 2 ADSL lines support, 3G Support as a backup plan.  What is the best router model for our buisness?  Than you in advance.
I am looking to make a new desktop PC purchase and I would like to utilize the new optane technology for overall performance as well as speeding up my HDDs. I'm going with a Xeon as opposed to a core CPU because I'm mostly going to use this desktop for number crunching -- things that benefit from having many medium speed threads as opposed to 1 really high throughput CPU.   The trouble is I cannot find any information on what components are compatible or not. All I hear is "Ra, Ra 7th Gen Core CPUS" for optane compatibility. But I did not find any info on what Xeon CPUs are compatible with optane if any. The other thing I'd have to worry about is if my motherboard supports optane. The closest thing I found was this Xeon/Optane SSD compatible motherboard:  https://www.supermicro.com/newsroom/pressreleases/2017/press170321_Intel_Optane.cfm  But it's not a desktop solution, it's seems to be marketed as a server board.  Can some one recommend the following hardware:   Optane compatiable CPU Xeon AND optane compatible motherboard   Provided that:   Must fit in standard size desktop PC Must have >8 cores (dual CPU is optional) Ideally under $2000
I need to buy a laptop for graphic design.  My requirements, from top to lowest priority:   NOT ASUS MUST run all adobe programs and features fast and smooth (photoshop, illustrator, indesign, ect.).   light weight is a big benefit. price (please give me  850$ option and 1300$options) screen size must not pass 15.6" hard disk space.   Price is important. If you can satisfy 1. and 2. with a low cost computer, please link to it.  I would be happy for more than one option to choose from.
Please recommend a small digital camera under $600 with an optical viewfinder.  I have yet to be able to find one.  By small, I mean approximately no larger than two original iPhones stacked one on top of the other.  The optical viewfinder could technically be digital, but it must be usable while focusing your eye at infinity, like with an optical viewfinder.  If possible, please indicate if the camera has dioptre (diopter) adjustment built into the viewfinder.  (Questions regarding camera recommendations have previously been deemed on-topic.)
I'm looking for a good ethereum mining GPU. I heard it's mostly memory bandwidth intensive, so I rounded up the specs of the latest cards from Wikipedia and came up this (prices are in CAD.):   card                     price     watts      GB/s    GB/s/$    GB/s/W  $/(GB/s)/year GeForce GTX 1050        148.82        75       112      0.75      1.49          1.548 GeForce GTX 1050 Ti     189.78        75       112      0.59      1.49          1.974 GeForce GTX 1060 3GB    271.69       120       224      0.82      1.87          1.413 GeForce GTX 1060 6GB    339.96       120       224      0.66      1.87          1.768 GeForce GTX 1070        517.44       150       256      0.49      1.71          2.355 GeForce GTX 1080        817.81       180       352      0.43      1.96          2.707 GeForce GTX 1080 Ti     954.34       250       484      0.51      1.94          2.297 NVIDIA TITAN X         1638.35       250       480      0.29      1.92          3.977 NVIDIA TITAN Xp        1638.35       250     547.7      0.33      2.19          3.485 Radeon RX 460           189.78        75       112      0.59      1.49          1.974 Radeon RX 470           244.39       120       211      0.86      1.76          1.349 Radeon RX 480 4GB       271.69       150       224      0.82      1.49          1.413 Radeon RX 480 8GB       326.30       150       256      0.78      1.71          1.485 Radeon RX 550           107.86        50       112      1.04      2.24          1.122 Radeon RX 560           135.16        80       112      0.83       1.4          1.406 Radeon RX 570           230.73       150       224      0.97      1.49            1.2 Radeon RX 580 4GB       271.69       185       256      0.94      1.38          1.236 Radeon RX 580 8GB       312.65       185       256      0.82      1.38          1.423   Everything there's pretty self-explanatory except for the far right column. It's an estimated TCO per unit memory speed per year including cost of power in Ontario. So, you can probably just ignore it if you don't live in Ontario. In fact, you can probably ignore it even if you do.  Anyway, the GB/s/W is the dominating factor when it comes to electrical bills. By that measure, the Radeon RX 550 is winning, but you'd need quite a few of those in a single system to really reap the benefits.  In the rest of my build, I'm assuming that mining throughput scales more or less linearly with additional GPUs. If this is true, communication between GPUs isn't necessary (i.e. crossfire support unneeded) and it doesn't matter too much what the PCIE bus speed is. I'm assuming linear scaling because I think this is how it works on the network at large, with eth generation scaling linearly with number of miners. Is that a sound assumption?  Anyway, to those who have actually done this in real life, am I at all close here? Am I missing anything critical?  BTW, this is the script I used to generate that table:  #!/usr/bin/env python  # constants for doing conversions. hour = 60*60 year = 365.25*24*hour kilo = 1000 watt = 1 CAD = 1 USD = 1.36529*CAD  # Data is from Wikipedia. # https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GeForce_10_series # https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AMD_Radeon_400_series # https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AMD_Radeon_500_series card = [         'GeForce GTX 1050', 'GeForce GTX 1050 Ti', 'GeForce GTX 1060 3GB',         'GeForce GTX 1060 6GB', 'GeForce GTX 1070', 'GeForce GTX 1080',         'GeForce GTX 1080 Ti', 'NVIDIA TITAN X', 'NVIDIA TITAN Xp',          'Radeon RX 460', 'Radeon RX 470', 'Radeon RX 480 4GB',         'Radeon RX 480 8GB', 'Radeon RX 550', 'Radeon RX 560',         'Radeon RX 570', 'Radeon RX 580 4GB', 'Radeon RX 580 8GB',         ] price = [         109*USD, 139*USD, 199*USD, 249*USD, 379*USD,         599*USD, 699*USD, 1200*USD, 1200*USD,          139*USD, 179*USD, 199*USD, 239*USD, 79*USD,         99*USD, 169*USD, 199*USD, 229*USD,         ] watts = [         75, 75, 120, 120, 150, 180, 250, 250, 250,          75, 120, 150, 150, 50, 80, 150, 185, 185,         ] gflops = [         1862, 2138, 3935, 4372, 6463, 8873, 11340, 10974, 12150,          2150, 4940, 5834, 5834, 1211, 2611, 5095, 6175, 6175,         ]  memspeed = [         112, 112, 224, 224, 256, 352, 484, 480, 547.7,          112, 211, 224, 256, 112, 112, 224, 256, 256,         ]   # http://www.ontario-hydro.com/current-rates powerprice = (12*0.087 + 6*0.18 + 6*0.132)/24 * CAD/(kilo*watt*hour)  # Expected lifetime of GPU before resale. PCIE4 is coming out in two years,  # probably destroying all of this. lifetime = 2*year  # Expected percent depreciation of GPU's resale value after above lifetime has  # elapsed. Optimistic? depreciation = .2  print('{:20}{:>10}{:>10}{:>10}{:>10}{:>10}{:>15}'.format(     'card', 'price', 'watts', 'Gflops',     'Gflops/$', 'Gflops/W', '$/Tflops/year')) for i in range(len(card)):     gpd = gflops[i]/price[i]     gpw = gflops[i]/watts[i]     # Average total cost of ownership per year per teraflops of computing      # power, including cost of power if for some reason running at full tilt      # all year round.     dpT = 1000/gpd     tco = dpT*(depreciation/lifetime + powerprice) * year     print('{:20}{:10.2f}{:10}{:10}{:10.2f}{:10.3}{:15.4}'.format(         card[i], price[i], watts[i], gflops[i], gpd, gpw, tco))  print()  print('{:20}{:>10}{:>10}{:>10}{:>10}{:>10}{:>15}'.format(     'card', 'price', 'watts', 'GB/s',     'GB/s/$', 'GB/s/W', '$/(GB/s)/year')) for i in range(len(card)):     gpd = memspeed[i]/price[i]     gpw = memspeed[i]/watts[i]     dpg = 1/gpd     tco = dpg*(depreciation/lifetime + powerprice) * year     print('{:20}{:10.2f}{:10}{:10}{:10.2f}{:10.3}{:15.4}'.format(         card[i], price[i], watts[i], memspeed[i], gpd, gpw, tco))
I'm looking for a Mini ATX (if possible with the latest generation of I7 or even new AMD) with a full 4k @60hz / HDMI 2.0  I need at least one PCIe (that why I don't go to mini-STX)  any recommendation ? Thank you  (the display will be a 3,840 x 2,160 and the power supply is 50/60 Hz.)  I like full 4K, but only find that so far  Jetway NF594-Q170 Mini-ITX Motherboard (don't know nothing about Jetway) http://www.jetwaycomputer.com/NF594.html  Fatal1ty Z170 Gaming-ITX/ac http://www.asrock.com/mb/Intel/Fatal1ty%20Z170%20Gaming-ITXac/  Otherwise I was thinking  ASRock Z170 Gaming-ITX/AC S1151 M-ITX Intel Motherboard  with   G.SKILL TridentZ Series F4-4000C19D-8GTZ 8 GB DDR4 4000 MHz C 19 1.35 V Memory Kit - Dual Colour   and for the CPU I'm not to sure about which one, I5, i7...  PS, silly question but 1 PCIe 3.0 x16, 1 Half-size Mini-PCIe, can I have something like : DVBSky S952 PCIe card   The use : Plex server, DNS server, Torrent server, and playing DVB-S Sat feed from Kodi and IPTV + some video
I'm looking to buy a smartphone in the U.S. that has NFC and clean Android (i.e., no bloatware). I'm also looking for a phone that is reasonably priced and that has a decent processor. I know these specs are rather vague, but I was thinking something along the lines of the moto G5. (Hopefully that will make it a bit clearer.)  Unsurprisingly, my first impulse was to buy the moto G5, until I found out that for some reason it doesn't come with NFC only in the US. So now I'm trying to find similar phones with similar prices and specs, which is hard because the Moto G really does a very nice job of making good affordable  phones.  So far the only thing that came close were the new Nokia phones that were announced, but I still don't know the price and the specs don't seem to be as good as the Moto G specs. Also, although it should be released in the second trimester of 2017, no news as to a US release date.  Cheers.  P.S.: Another alternative is to somehow buy a Moto G5 with NFC in the U.S. via some non-shady path, but I'm unaware of how to do that.
This question will also be on superuser    I use a SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS CO. LTD. NP300E5E-A02US and it's equipped with a single mini PCIe slot currently occupied by a Qualcomm Atheros AR9485WB-EG Wireless Network Adapter. I wish to upgrade my computer to include M.2 Flash memory capabilities but there are no extra slots to install it into. Is there existence of such hardware that would allow me to utilize WLAN and flash storage in the same expansion slot?  I've done extensive research and have come across nothing, the concept of integrated features within traditional tech has been explored in giving sd cards WiFi inter connectivity, granted, this isn't what I'm looking for it's just something similar. What I would like would be somewhere along the lines of a Graphics Card with some extra USB connectors on it (just an example, again not excactly what I'm looking for)  UPDATE: haha! i have found something :DDDDD, still not what I'm looking for but a great example, it's a wifi decoder and GPU in one Hybrid Wireless Wifi HD Decoder Mini PCI-e Laptop Notebook Graphics Video Card I'm to excited to think, this may not even be what it says it is :P
I'm helping an older coworker upgrade his PC, he has a HP Compaq with the following:   Pentium 4, 3.2 GHz 72 GB HDD 1.5 GB RAM HP 09F0H motherboard, Intel 945G Express chipset   He just needs something he can use for day-to-day browsing and the occasional HD movie. Budget is very tight, at CAD $150.  I plan to buy the following for him:   EVGA 8400GS graphics ($38): Just something simple for HD video playback Seagate Barracuda 1 TB hard drive ($64) 4GB RAM ($37)   I originally thought to upgrade the CPU, but the motherboard is incompatible with modern CPUs. To upgrade the motherboard + CPU would practically use up the entire budget, with unusable RAM and storage space. I chose to get a graphics card because the Pentium 4 seems to struggle with Youtube videos even at 720p.  Would this be a good allocation of the budget, or is there any better ideas?  P.S. I've had bad experiences with used parts so that's not an option. I don't want to risk his limited budget on potentially faulty components.
I want to help an eldery man (>70) who wants to send scans of his incoming mail to his son.   I'm thinking of an hand scanner (something like: https://www.amazon.de/Easypix-Easy-scan-A4-Scanner-schwarz/dp/B0038JQIF6). A desktop scanner is not an option, due to space limitations, and limited mobility of the man.  Main criteria:   Cable less, (Bluetooth) Direct interaction with IPad via Bluetooth. There should be an app where the man can online see the result of the scan.  Simple GUI of app. Main features requried are: Scan Document. Safe to file. Send by email. More complex options  (like dpi, OCR, post processing) are not required, and should not result in some complex GUI. Not too small displays or bottons on the device. shall be useable also if the eyesight is not perfect anymore.   Not so important:   Scan quality (dpi) OCR   Any Idea?
I understand that there's no 100% secure firmware. But there are some brands that regularly update their firmware to fix discovered vulnerabilities. What brands of WiFi routers (or specific models) are considered to be secure, stable and provide regular firmware updates? Or maybe even have open-source firmware? I'm looking for a router for home usage, not an enterprise solution.
My town suffers from quite a few power outages as of late and I am running a home server via my Intel NUC. I'm looking for recommendations on the type of UPS I could buy for such a device. Typically I'd like a supply which could last 3 hours (based on our average time for power resolution).  Are there any recommendations you could give?
I'm trying to replace an HHD for an SSD on a " MSI CX61 2QC-1654US" but when I go online to buy for ssd they all look super big. I was doing a little research and there is something called Caddy to substitute the dvd but I don't want to go without dvds. So how can I find a ssd that fits my laptop? I uploaded a pic so you can see how small it is (m... That didn't sound right... Hahaha) anyway.. please give me a little help, I'm doing my bachelor in Computer science now but I have no idea about hardware and I'd like to learn. Thank you
Is there a PC keyboard for Linux, that ALWAYS prints THE SAME SINGLE character that is displayed on the key being pressed?  The core (the X in XY problem) problem of mine is, that   after pressing 'z', the 'y' appears and vice versa pressing (most) keys is often a hit-n-miss, what appears on the actual display often differs from the image on the key being pressed at least two non-ASCII characters are shown on each key and even more possibilities for the character to pop up after pressing it emerge, when considering layouts more characters per key = smaller size per character = harder to read (more so for the visually impaired) keys for the characters with accents are merged with the keys for numbers keys for the characters with accents are absent nobody knows when CAPS LOCK is activated (no, a LED is not enough, I don't desire to check it each time I'm to press a key, which reduces the is-capital-problem to hit-n-miss) nobody knows when NUM LOCK is NOT activated, in fact, often it isn't, which makes me wonder who could ever profit from a disabled NUM LOCK   I was given multiple answers explaining how it can't be done for various technical reasons. I don't care! Tell me how it can be done, or better, how it is done.  What I'm implying (the Y in XY problem) is, the physical images on the keys should always resemble the character to appear on the screen. Obviously, one might think of a huge keyboard with everything but the kitchen sink, but that's absurd.   For one, I'm sure it can be solved by e-ink keys and I'm sure there are many more choices out there. Maybe the keyboard itself could have an OS to interact with host OS as an intermediary, an adapter. Maybe some sensoric feedback, some integrated touchscreen, some gestures, anything.  Provided a similar product exists:   If I ain't asking too much, could it NOT destroy my carpal tunnel while doing its job? If I still ain't asking much, could it be wireless? Bluetooth would probably be pushing it. I'd do with a dongle that gets accidentally destroyed, making the whole keyboard effectively and irreversibly unusable.
You might be thinking that I want to connect my external hard drive using SATA cables as an internal one....But no, that's what I don't want to do. Is there any way that I can connect an external hard drive using an USB connection and configure it using some software perhaps, which will enable me to use it as an internal one, so that I can move my operating system (Windows 10) and Applications to my external hard drive and use the internal one for files such as documents- storage? Any idea how to do that!?
My research so far has shown me it's possible to replace or upgrade the ASUS ROG G750JM's wifi adapter.  What is the best wifi adapter to replace the ASUS ROG G750JM's internal wifi adapter? As I'm currently considering upgrading mine.  Adapter which comes with the laptop is: Broadcom 802.11ac  Although I acknowledge this thread topic has been discussed (in 2014) and the user Dinooz suggested: AzureWave (Broadcom) AWCE123H BCM94352HMB.   As the above thread is reasonably old, I wanted to confirm whether the AzureWave (Broadcom) AWCE123H BCM94352HMB is still the best wifi adapter to replace the ASUS ROG G750JM's internal wifi adapter, or whether a superior recommended replacement adapter now exists?  Thanks
I own a small cloud storage company and I was wondering what type of external hard drive/server I should purchase. I have considered this 80TB one, but is there a better choice?
We own a carwash. Our router is in the room where all of the soap, wax, chemicals etc are stored and dispensed. The room is pretty grimy all the time, humid, dust and moisture always in the air etc. We have replaced the router 3 times in the past 2 years because it keeps failing. Unfortunately, it's a "self serve" carwash meaning that there is no other place to have the router. (This room is literally the central hub of the carwash. All of the soap and chemicals come out of the room, networking is done in the room, credit card processing, etc.)  I'm hesitant to put a router inside of a "weatherproof" case because the room tends to get pretty warm in the summer (Though, I don't have exact temps).  Any recommendations on a router than can survive in this type of environment??
Has anyone information on the real-life power consumption of an Intel i3 7100T? I know that the thermal design power is rated 35W, but how much power does it need in idle or low workload situations?  I need this information since I want to compare this CPU to an Intel Pentium G4560, which has 19,5W in idle and 26W in low workload situations (according to this video).  I want to configure a home server that will run 24/7, so power consumption is important to me.  Thanks in advance, Lukas
I have a storage unit which is in the basement of typical townhouse-style apartment building in New York City. I can't set up internet in this room and I can't tap into any of the tenants wireless signals. The room has no windows and is in the middle of the building. I can't set up any equipment outside of the room, such as an antenna because the landlord wouldn't approve. Is there anything I can use to boost the neighborhood wireless signals I receive. Time Warner cable has a plan called Access Pass, where you pay a daily, weekly, or monthly fee and you can use their neighborhood wireless signal. But when I'm in the storage room I'm not able to receive the Time Warner signal. When I step out on the sidewalk I can receive it.   Would a Wifi Range Extender be a good option for my circumstances?  EDIT: Since posting this question I've come to the conclusion that I can't get a normal internet connection in the room. However, I am able to get 1g data speed on my cell phone, which I use for light browsing. So I will get a mobile hotspot. Even if it's slow it will still be better than no internet at all.
What's the hardware difference between the Dell XPS 15 starting at $999 (1637sv2) loaded with a Core i5 and GTX 1050 for $1,149 total and the XPS 15 starting at $1,349 (1641sv2) with all the basic options?  So at Dell's xps-15-9560-laptop site I specced the following laptops:  http://www.dell.com/en-us/shop/productdetails/xps-15-9560-laptop/dncwxb1637sv2   Core i5-7300HW processor (+$100 from base price) NVIDIA GTX 1050 with 4GB GDDR5 video card (+$50 from base price) 8GB DDR4-2400MHz ram 500GB 720RPM Hard Drive + 32GB Solid State Drive 56WHr battery $1,149.99 cost   http://www.dell.com/en-us/shop/productdetails/xps-15-9560-laptop/dncwxb1641sv2   Core i5-7300HW processor NVIDIA GTX 1050 with 4GB GDDR5 video card 8GB DDR4-2400MHz ram 256GB PCIe Solid State Drive 97WHr battery $1,349.99 cost   Other than hard disk, battery, and cost, is anything different between the 1637sv2 and 1641sv2 as specced?  The $200 price difference seems a lot to pay just for a basic SSD and +73% battery capacity - although I guess for retail pricing that's probably par for the course.  Can I just buy the basic 1637sv2 model, swap in an SSD, upgrade the battery, and it'll be identical to the 1641sv2 model?  I noticed that the 1637sv2 doesn't have an option to upgrade the processor to a Core i7 while the 1641sv2 does.  Are the motherboards significantly different?  At least the CPU sockets must be different, right?  Any reason I should go with the more expensive 1641sv2 vs buying the 1637sv2 and swapping in the SSD and battery separately?  I'll be using the laptop for medical school, so want it to last at least 4 years.
What keyboards exist that meet these specifications?:   Can't connect to the internet, even with a program.(Some keyboards require an internet connection or a configuration program that requires one.) Does not have any type of padding that can come off from wear and tear or otherwise(I.e. dirt and glue won't be exposed from loose padding). Is not wireless. The keys light up. Has chiclet keys(keys are lower and easier to reach than a normal keyboard) with space between the keys for easy cleaning. Will endure a lot of use.
I have a 1000Mbps internet connection both up and down. And I'm thinking of upgrading my current config to a more robust and future proof configuration. Im thinking of the AES-NI support on the upcoming 2.5 pfSense version. I have been trying to wrap my head around pfSense, and I begin to understand that if your want to max throughput you need:     Multiple cores at > 2.0GHz are required. Server class hardware with PCI-e network adapters. docs   I will probably have about 200 concurrent connections on different services behind the router, run suricata on OVPN on a few outgoing connections. And 1U case is necessary. Server hardware is a must (supermicro is cool).  I have been looking at the Intel Atom platform, for example the Supermicro motherboard model A1SRi-2758F, with Atom Processor C2758 TDP 20w, 2.40 Ghz, 4 mb cache, 8 cores and 8 threads. But I'm just no much of a router and hardware noob to tell if the Atom is enough.  Atom:   AES-NI support, check. Medium power consumption, check. Fits in 1U,check.   Any suggestions on hardware to build a pfSense router?
I am in the market for new headphones. I currently have Sennheiser HD380 headphones.  I'd like noise cancelling. Most active noise cancelling headphones however have fairly weak passive noise cancelling. This means voices/etc come through decently well. I'm also fairly spoiled in overall sound quality with my current HD380.  Requirements:   Similar sound quality to the HD380s Wireless < $350ish Decent active noise cancelling as well as some level of passive   Undecided requirements:   Over-ear vs in-ear
I am looking for a low wattage CPU with relative high performance. I read on several places, that underclocking or undervolting cheaper normal processors (e.g. Xeon e3-1230v3) can have the same result as buying a rare and more expensive L or T version (e.g. Xeon e3-1230Lv3) of the same processor. Is this true, or should I buy the more expensive low wattage version?
I would like to attach a sata enclosure for RAID 5 with 5-6 drives (6TB each) that can connect at 6.0 GB speed to my workstation. I don't want to use  USB 3.0. I understand I may need to buy a card that will control the RAID.  I have seen 8 drive boxes that appear as two sets of drives to the server. Are there any enclosures that will treat all 5 drives as a single RAID 5 setup?   I would prefer to get a machine that communicates via eSata 6.0 GB. I don't mind controlling the raid via a card installed on my computer. I don't mind RAID 5 (I would keep a spare in my desk). I would spend up to $700 on the enclosure. thanks
I'm looking for a tablet with pen input running a recent version of Android. The main purpose would be taking notes on PDF lecture slides during lectures at university. I would not use it to listen to music, watch movies or type long texts, I have a laptop for those things.  Thus, I want:   Android OS, preferably version 7 (manufacturers who have updated their devices quickly in the past would be a bonus) good input responsiveness (I don't care about the kind of pen used as long as it works reliably) battery life should be good I would prefer the OS to be as vanilla as possible (might be hard to find) a decent display (color temperature, contrast etc) would be nice, but not a must-have system performance should be smooth a case would also be nice to have but not mandatory   What I don't want/need:  (I've included this section because reviewers often complained about these in reviews I read)   A good camera (I don't care if it even has one) 3G/LTE (I would only use WiFi) A good sound system (would hardly ever use it) good GPS (I would never use it) extra features such as finger print scanners, Hardware keyboards I also don't care much about weight and thickness, both seem to be in reasonable ranges in tablets nowadays   I don't have too strict of a budget, but I hope ~400€ would suffice (although, given good reasons, I'd be prepared to spend more, even a good amount more if it would really be worth it).  Hands-On experiences would be nice to hear, especially regarding pen input.
I'm building a laptop and I'm going to swap the internal HDD with an SSD, but since I have never used one, I do not know which is the best. I admit that I do not know much about SSDs and I do not know which ones produce less heat, are more reliable, etc. I am open to any and all suggestions.
I need a laptop for graphic design under 900$ (can go up to 1000$)  MUST HAVE 1. NOT ASUS 2. must run photoshop, illustrator, indesign, ect. fast and smooth. 3. 14" screen with viable resolution  added value, but not must: 1. light weight 2. ssd  If "must have" can't be satisfied under 900$, please give the lowest price that does satisfy those requirements  Thanks
i have a lenovo computer (https://share.rtechsupport.org/files/8xdNnh1BEdOO_Sketch.png). i work usually with 5 tabs open in chrome, itunes always runnin, and photoshop and other application running. Do you think i will benefit from upgrading my ram from 8gb to 16gb. Thanks. NOTE- photoshop barely works. There is a 2 sec lag almost always. That's why i have to use sketchbook pro
I am not sure "deadbolt" is the correct term for what I am looking for. I am searching for the metal piece on the side of doors that extends to lock it, but one that can be controlled electronically (with Arduino).  The thing on the right of this video is exactly what I want, but I can't seem to find anything like it.  Does anyone know where I could find one of these, or at least what this would be called?  I am also open to other setups to lock a door, but the part I described above is preferable. It doesn't need to be very secure or anything; I mostly just want to make use of an RFID scanner.
I'm a first time computer builder and I want to know is every thing in this build compatible. -thanks   Intel - Core i3-7100 kabylake 3.9GHz Dual-Core Processor with stock cooler  MSI - Z270-A PRO ATX LGA1151 Motherboard  Crucial - Ballistix Sport LT 8GB (1 x 8GB) DDR4-2400 Memory  Western Digital - Caviar Blue 1TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive  EVGA - GeForce GTX 1060 3GB 3GB GAMING Video Card  Corsair - SPEC-ALPHA (Black/Red) ATX Mid Tower Case  EVGA - 500W 80+ Certified ATX Power Supply
I am looking for a cheap tablet that I can use with a stylus for primarily marking up pdfs. I spend a lot of my time doing architectural redlines and having to use a mouse to draw boxes and arrows and annotations is a waste of time, but so is printing out documents, marking them up and then scanning them back in to send to somebody.    Ideally, it would have a decent amount of RAM so it would not have to reload sections of the PDF on larger documents.  I would require a fine point stylus rather than the ones like the older iPad styluses that were like trying to draw with a sausage.  A camera would be nice for going to site visits but is, by no means, a necessity.  I'm not married to any operating system, the functionality is the larger concern. Windows would be nice because that is what my company uses so I could use their software license pool for the PDF software but every OS has something similar.  Size is not a major concern. Probably at least a 4x6 screen so I am not constantly trying to zoom in and out of the document but beyond that, I can manage.
I'm looking for an input device that mimics how the Wii/Wii-U operate using the sensor-bar.  I need it as a secondary mouse. So, a pointer of sorts that isn't just a clicker would be nice. Something that will let me move my mouse without having to actually drag it on something material.  Not sure if anything like that exists though.
I have been looking to buy an GTX 10 series laptops, for the last month here in India, I need a laptop which would be able to play games on Med-High settings in the upcoming 4+ years.  I have browsed Amazon.com and many products are not available in India.  What I have in mind is:  2170 USD(140000 INR) HP OMEN - 17 inch - i7 7th Gen - GTX 1060TX - 256 SSD http://www.hpshopping.in/hp_omen_-_17-w249tx  1550 USD(100000 INR) HP OMEN - 15.6 inch - i7 7th Gen - GTX 1050Ti - 256 SSD http://www.hpshopping.in/omen_by_hp_15-ax252tx_laptop_pc    I will probably get a monitor later, If I get the 15 inch one.  Which one would be the best, Also feel free to suggest some other choices, but I feel these are best within this range.  Thanks.
I want to build this laptop for graphic design purposes (Photoshop, illustrator, indesign, ect). No 3D for the moment.  The laptop specifications are:   Dell Vostro 5568 Intel Core i7 7500U 2700 Mhz 8GB DDR4 256GB SSD GeForce 940MX   I am most fearful of the graphics card, as it is not listed in the Illustrator requirements.  Is it good enough?  I am really trying to keep the price and weight down, and upping the graphics card won't allow that.
I was wanting to play with with Bluetooth 5 with some current code.  Does anyone know where I could get a bluetooth 5 (low energy HCI) adapter?  Preferably USB.
I need a new laser printer for general (paper) usage. Normally, I'd get "whatever", nothing fancy; I do not have high volume, speed nor quality requirements. I have been very happy with my Samsung ML-1865W, but it's starting to show its age a little bit.  One area where that printer failed for me was printing solid, deep black areas (for PCB creation, in my case). There were always, from the beginning, stripes and occasional white spots. It obviously gets worse as the toner empties, but even with a brand new toner cartridge it is not optimal. Not too bad, mind, you can somewhat use it for that purpose, but it's not really fun.  In contrast, the expensive Xerox at my office produces pitch black, very nicely resolved images that lead to 100% perfect results on the PCB, but it obviously takes up like 0.5m³ of space, so is not really an option for home.   Now. I'm looking for a general home usage laser printer which manages to produce consistent black areas. Everything else is not important. It will be driven by a windows machine and I don't mind whether it's connected via USB, Ethernet or WIFI (one of the latter two would be a nice bonus, of course). Form factor should be similar to the Samsung at 13.4" x 8.8" x 7.2" (somewhere in that ball park, does not need to be exact of course). Manual feed is optional.  Thank you!
Which is a good Mac laptop for development: the MacBook Pro MD101HN/A or the MacBook Air MMGF2HN/A. In 2017, is it worth buying a MacBook Pro(MD101HN/A)?  The MacBook Pro MD101HN/A (Late 2012 Model) is upgradeable.  The MacBook Air MMGF2HN/A, released in 2016 has 8GB Ram, but its processor is 1.6 GHz, does that make the machine slow?  Please suggest if any other Mac is good for development, the budget is the constraint (80K INR).  Edit:  Here i found the processor comparision, Which suggests 1.6 GHz i5 Air is better when compared to 2.5GHz i5 Pro Model, Please have a look
I'm looking for a mini PC to run Ubuntu 16.04 LTS 64-bits version with a web server (LAMP) on it. The criterias would be, in order of importance:   Low power cunsumption the mini pc will be running 24*7 Fanless the idea is to have as few movable parts as possible and as low noise as possible   support Linux and Windows it will be running latest Ubuntu 16.04 LTS 64 bits version, with a web server running on it (Apache/MySQL/PHP). But I want to be able to switch to Windows 7/8/10 if I want to.   CPU a cpu that is low power cunsumption and permits to run smoothly with the given starting config (Ubuntu 16.04 LTS + Web Server)  RAM support minimum 16 GB RAM HardDrive support for 2 internal HD (1 SSD drive >= 64 GB and 1 SATA >= 2TB) OS will be on SSD and data will be on SATA Network minimum  1 Ethernet + 1 Wifi Ports usual ports : 4 USB (mix of 2.0 and 3.0), 1 HDMI, 1 VGA, 1 audio   To give a usage idea, it would be used by a small office (<= 10 users) as office web server. If you have a price range for such config I take it too!
Thanks you for this wonderful community.  I have a budget of $10000-15000 for buying a desktop/server which will be running 24*7. I will mainly use it for handling big datasets (20 million observations), running regressions, etc. I mainly use SQL, R, Stata for my data management/ analysis. Some of my codes are quite computationally intensive and might take days to run (think simulations, MCMC, MLE, etc.). I am currently undecided between going the Windows server route or having a linux setup. I am leaning towards Windows right now, due to better software availability. Since this is a significant investment, I would also like this system to be future-proof, i.e., easily upgradable. I also want this system to be able to backup my data on a spare drive.  Request your recommendations. Thanks.
I live in a place where the electricity quality is poor. If I plug my desktop computer directly into the wall, it ends up damaged after some days due to unstable electricity. I have used an UPS for some years, which solved the problem, but its batteries last only for a few years, what makes it an expensive solution on the long term.  I heard about Automatic Voltage Regulators and I would like to know if they would solve my problem. I'm not worried about loss of data due to occasional power failures, since that is not really a problem here, I would just need to protect my computer from damage.  What options do I have to protect my computer from bad quality electricity? Would Automatic Voltage Regulators be a good alternative to a UPS?
is there a device which converts the incoming lan signals into wifi signals?   The apartment only has a fixed network ip with a predetermined gateway and DNS. One needs to give this static ip, netmask and gateway in the network configuration of the computer and it works.  But I would like to use smart phones to access the network. Hence the static settings should be done in the device ( maybe it is  is called an lan to wifi adaptor  ) itself . Ofcourse, I do not want an expensive ADSL or DSL because I do not need the modem functionality.  Also, it would be great to know how this network device works i.e how does it give the IP addresses to the connected devices - may be using NAT?  Help with links what I should look for, would be appreciated.  Edit 05 June, 2017:  I have a FritzBox 7240, which according to this manual ( German ) https://avm.de/service/fritzbox/fritzbox-7240/wissensdatenbank/publication/show/106_FRITZ-Box-fuer-Betrieb-mit-anderem-Router-einrichten/, should be able to fulfill my needs. But the problem there is, that the static IP provided by the external router is class B ( 134.x.x.x ). If I enter this static IP into the FritzBox's Routers configuration and activate the DHCP server of the Fritzbox to provide IPs ( Class C - 192.168.178.x ) that would distribute the IP's to the connected devices, the Fritz box complains a conflict between the Class B incoming IP and the class C Fritzbox's DHCP IP.   So, I have left with no other choice, but to buy some other device like an Access Point.
I've been playing games for a long time now and most sound systems or headsets I've had, have the problem of not being able to differentiate up from down. They may give you the info of where the sound is coming from in a 360 degree circle around you, but not in a sphere.  Anyway, that's what I want, I want to be able to tell whether a sound is coming from above or below or neither (same elevation). I've looked at 7.1 headsets but they have the front, rear and side speakers. I haven't been able to find anything else.
Are there any arm SOCs with large mounts of ram such as 16Gb ? Several phones have come out with 8Gb ram, so I expected the same developments to happen in the SOC sector. I believe there are ARM based data centre servers with high ram loads too. Why is this the case, is it due to the cost and the market these devices are aimed at?
I'm looking for a simple camera that has good quality. Requirements are that it can be zoomed in (will be zoomed once only), can be mounted through my own means, so preferably not spherical, and take good quality pictures. It is going to be used to take pictures of tubes with QR codes on top of it, with it being affixed to one position on the machine and zoomed in slightly.  Ideally looking for a good cost to quality ratio for this simple task. Around the $50 area would be excellent.
I have USB plugs with the output on the same side as the Live prong:    Source  This means more than one plugged in next to each other in a multigang will often "bump" USB cables.  Can I buy a multigang with the sockets rotated 90°? Kinda like my diagram:    Source, edited with Over
I have a lot of old motherboards that I want to use for different projects and I've run into a major problem too many times now: every board has at least 1 serial port but rarely even the old VGA port. So I can't even operate those boards with my really "old" PC screens with stone-old VGA.  Are there new types of terminals nowadays that fullfil the purpose of a classic terminal but in an up-to-date way?  I've searched for something like that and I didn't find anything.  How I imagine a "modern" and "up-to-date" style terminal:   uses the good old Serial Port 1 or 2 USB slots uses any battery, rechargable or not it is very small, preferably as small as a Samsung Galaxy Mini e.g. due to its size, modern/easy technology and simple purpose it should be accordingly very cheap, maybe up to 30 bucks MAX.   P.S.: Even if I would get an old terminal for free, it is still way too big and just wastes space, considering its single and nowadays extremely simple purpose. And I would never pay for a Vintage one since from that perspective they have 0 value to me.
I want to know which earbud is best suited for dynamic sports, imagine gymnastics  handstand or high bar jumping. the characteristics that i'm looking for is high-quality, durability and stability(something that doesn't drop)
I'm looking for a weather station that works without a display but allows querying the data via an API instead.  It needs to   have a rain sensor measure wind speed have a hygrometer measure temperature power itself via solar energy have an accumulator to measure at night from solar energy collected during daytime operating temperature from -25 °C to +40 °C have connectors for additional sensors for future use, e.g. UV sensor, solar sensor, snow sensor and snow height sensor provide wireless connectivity in a range of ~20 meters. We want to mount it on our roof access to the data must be secure, especially the Wifi connection must not open a hole into our corporate network built-in data logging for at least 14 days incase the data cannot be fetched   Ideally, the software is open source. Commercial software is acceptable, but must be included in the price then.  Also ideally, the firmware is open source (Arduino based?) so that our students could modify it.  My budget is 750 € net.  Optional:   weather forecast   Features not needed:   webcam scientific data measurement   Non-feature:   cloud based stuff. We must own our data.   I have tried:   most weather stations are just too cheap (< $200) and for home use / indoor use only. I'm asking froggit for their WH 4000 (German) whether data can be accessed via API and whether operating conditions are within -25 °C to +40 °C. The housing looks a bit cheap and uses lots of plastic material. Also, it seems I pay for the display, which I neither need nor want. All in all I wonder why I have a budget of 750 € if I only need 119 €. (But that may just be due to lack of knowledge by managers) Davis Vantage Pro 2 is the closest I could find until now. With $595 + $175, the price is even suitable. It is advertised as "withstand scorching sun, corrosion, 200 mph (321 kmh) winds, temperature extremes, and more", which sounds great.   There are resellers that seem to sell the same hardware under their own label.   Maybe I'm just looking for alternatives to the Davis Vantage Pro 2 in order to be able to compare and decide for one.
I use the live edition of Ubuntu 16.04 LTS for work, and every day I pack up my 128Gb USB 3.0 thumb drive in the morning and drive to work, where I insert that drive back into my work computer.   The only problem has I've been having is the fact that my read and write speeds are incredible slow. I realized that both my home and work computers have Thunderbolt 3 ports. I was wondering if there was an adapter for a small M.2 SSD that would plug into those TB3 ports. I don't really care as to if it has an enclosure, I just need a way to easily transport an SSD that I can just plug into my computer and get Samsung 960 PRO-esque speeds. Thanks for the help!
I have this problem with my motherboard that if I put in two graphics cards, all of my other PCI slots are blocked. There is a small gap, and I found out the there are such things as riser cards that would let me move those slots out of the way. However, two of the slots are in between my graphics cards, and a riser card couldn't go through it. Is there a riser card that instead of keeping all of the wires straight, actually bundle them into a cable so I can snake it out of the way of my GPU's? Thanks!
Here's what I need to do: I want to have multiple desktop/laptop PCs stored in minimal space I should be able to attach a peripheral device to each PC. Should be able to access the PCs easily to attach/detach peripheral devices I would like to use a multiplexer to access each PC with the same keyboard+mouse+monitor so I save on monitor space(and wires, and cost). It should be expandable vertically because I don't have desk space to expand horizontally.  Think of it as a Server rack, but I am not going to use individual racks. I want similar compactness but with individual PCs. The cabinet should be secure(ie. Cabinet should be lockable)   I have searched for cabinets that allow me to store whole PCs but it doesn't look like this is easily available. Anyone who knows something that matches? or have build such cabinets?
I am going to Czech Republic in terms of Erasmus+ programme for 5 months.I haven't got any notebooks therefore I need it.I will study Information Technology.I've got lessons like Java Programming,Web Design,C etc.I searched out the Internet and I found a cheap notebook which I'll do programming.Is 2GB's of ram,Intel Celeron N3060 processor 1.6ghz(turbo boost 2.4) and 32 GB's of storage useful for my works?
I am looking into getting a new laptop. I will mostly be using it for internet and Word, but also might be using games/programs such as Star Wars: The Old Republic, Lord of the Rings Online, and Maple. I am also hoping it will last me 5 years.  The laptop currently on the top of my list is currently the MSI GT62VR DOMINATOR PRO-239, which has two avalible models, (1) and (2). The only difference appears to be that the first has 32 GB RAM at 2133 MHz while the second has 32 GB RAM at 2400 MHz, but the second one costs about $45 more. Is the model with the faster RAM worth the extra money?
I'm looking to get a laptop for coding which I hope to use for the next 2/3 years.   I have a tight budget of roughly about 700 dollars and am not looking for anything too fancy(or to low at the end of the spectrum too) I'm a beginner coder but looking to pour a lot of time into coding(starting with objective C) and your opinions would help a lot!!   Thanks for any help in advance! :)
I would like to know if such device exists and what are your models recommendations if so.  The problem I'm trying to solve is to create multiple Wi-Fi networks each of then with limited band speed. That is because in my development group we need to test apps with different speed scenarios both for download and upload capabilities.   With such device I would create something like:  WiFi Network 1 - 1 Mbps download speed                 128 Kbps upload speed WiFi Network 2 - 56 Kbps download speed                  28 Kbps upload speed WiFi Network 3 - 1 Gbps download speed                  128 Mbps upload speed ...   If such device does not exist (yet) what would be your recommendations for a Manageable Router with different Access Points plugged to it?  Like:      Manageable Router 1 (4 network ports):          Port 1: wifi access point 1 (config 1 above)          Port 2: wifi access point 2 (config 2 above)          Port 3: wifi access point 3 (config 3 above)          ...   Thanks for your suggestions.
I volunteer in an association that raises funds to fight cancer. We do various activities. Since 3years we organize a Run&Bike but the number of participants increase every year and the timing system that we use begins to no longer suitable.  So, I am a software engineer and I would build a timing system with NFC chips or something like that.  After some search I saw this package https://www.atlasrfidstore.com/thingmagic-m6e-embedded-rfid-reader-module-developer-kit/.  That's enough or I forgot something ?  I also need some advices to realize this project.  Thank you in advance for your advice. Feel free to ask me any question that you judge useful.
Okay, so I originally posted this almost two weeks ago and it's gotten exactly zero attention.  (got me a tumbleweed badge too)  Surely someone knows of something, so I'll edit a bit and see if I can be more clear:    I'm looking for something that:   Runs entirely on USB, not USB power with separate analog signal   An analog 'set with USB adapter would be okay, if the PC only sees the one USB plug  Has closed-back circumaural cans to block out ambient noise Has a microphone attached to one of the cans Can rotate those cans enough to hold one to my ear for a few seconds while the other stays mostly out of sight.   I've used some ear-only 'phones that rotate 180deg - that's really nice - and I've also tried some gaming 'sets that only go 90deg.  The 90's seem to be hit-or-miss whether they actually go far enough. I'll also put it all the way on for other tasks, so I do need both ears.    I've found some gaming headsets that almost fit the bill, but it seems to be difficult to find some that both rotate far enough and can be purely USB as far as the PC is concerned.  Is there something that satisfies all 4 requirements?
Those are the requirements:   Sim slot for mobile broadband Detachable keyboard, preferably with additional battery Good for multimedia/surfing Weight in tablet config so that woman can hold it for a while without dropping it   Idea is to give my wife all-round device that can replace a laptop but will also be easy to pack into a bag and take outdoors for a few hours. I'm UK based so thinking on packing into it Three all-you-can-eat-data sim for mobile phones (not mobile broadband) for cheap internet-on-the-move.  Used item is perfectly fine, so please do not limit yourselves to 2016/2017 models. Price is a factor, but with used item not so much, so let's say £500 is the limit.  I'm perfectly willing to experiment, so chinese slates are ok, too.   I'm having serious problem finding something that will match all criteria, not to mention also reasonably priced. I'm happy to have another look myself if someone points me to a search engine that will reliably filter offers. A lot of sellers will drop a gem like "4G ready" or "Mobile internet compatible" in the description or specs, which means it will work with a dongle, but that's what will not work for me for obvious reasons.
I'm looking for options to replace my current mouse which has some interesting features, but not all I want.  Must-Haves / Hard Requirements:   Price must be <100€ in Germany The configuration software must work with Windows 10 Creator's Update The mouse needs to have at least two clickable buttons additionally to a standard clickable scroll-wheel and the left- and right mouse buttons The configuration software must be able to assign the following actions:   Open Windows Explorer (win-key + e) Copy (Ctrl+c) Paste (Ctrl+v) Open Start (win-key) Double-Click  The mouse must feature a sensor that either has no hardware mouse acceleration or where it can be turned off through the configuration software It must be wired and use USB as its interface It must feature a closed design, that is it must not be / look like the Mad Catz RAT series   Really Nice-To-Haves:   The mouse allows me to program 4 of the 5 above listed functionalities at once, ie it has either 4 buttons or features something like a "shift" button The mouse works out of the box with Windows using default drivers (HID) The mouse can save its programming and apply it to new machines without the configuration software installed (ie if I configure ExtraButton1 to be "copy" it must work on all machines out-of-the-box) The mouse should last >5 years, for the sake of comparability we set this requirement equal with "has >2 years of manufacturer warranty"   Neat features:   A configurable lift distance A configurable DPI value Configurable weight "Big" size
I have an AMD Phenom II x6 1055t CPU (AM3 socket), and DDR3 RAM. My motherboard can only support CPUs up to 75 watt TDP, and my CPU is 150W.  Please recommend me a motherboard that:   Supports a 150W TDP CPU Uses an AM3 socket Has DDR3 RAM slots Costs around $100
I'm building a custom NAS as a backup server for multiple laptops in my house. I'm planning on buying four 2TB mechanical SATA hard drives that will be run in RAID 1   (Hard drives: https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16822236342&ignorebbr=1)  The drives will be going in this case here: https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=9SIA00Y50Z9087&ignorebbr=1  The case has 4 SATA cable connectors that will be connected to a SATA cable to USB adapter and they will be connected to my logic boards USB ports.   My question for all of you is what power supply would you recommend to power ONLY the hard drives. This power supply will not be powering my logic board. I want to make sure that I won't fry a hard drive, but I also want to make sure that the power supply has enough wattage for expansion in the future (should I need use bigger hard drives / SSDs).   IMPORTANT POINTS   The hard drives must be powered by a power supply independent from my logic board.  The hard drives SATA data cables must be connected to USB.  Because the SATA data cables are not connected to the logic board, the power supply must provide at least 2 SATA Power Connector cables. I'm shooting in the ballpark of no more than $150.    Note: I know this is a weird build and I understand the bottleneck of USB with SATA, but I want to see if this configuration is possible before completely buying all new hardware.   Thanks in advance!
For a hobby project on Raspberry Pi3 I have two options for Speakers   sparkfun speaker adafruit speaker   Which one will be louder?
I just got an Oculus Rift, and now I need a PC to use it with.  My question is, what is the cheapest available PC that I can use an Oculus Rift with?  Note: I don't want to have to build a PC, I want something I can just buy and use.  The cheapest I've found is this Cyberpower PC, which is $720.  Does anyone know if there's anything cheaper?  EDIT: I found a cheaper one, another Cyberpower PC for $650.  Is there anything cheaper than that?  EDIT 2: I ultimately went with the $720 Cyberpower PC I linked to above.  So my question is now moot.  But I'll leave it up for the benefit of others.
Recently, I've been eye-ing the PNY CS2030, and it has quite the specs to share. According to the specs, it boasts 201kIOps Read, and 215kIOps write. Additionally, it says a read speed 2.75 GB/s and write of 1.5GB/s.  I'm looking for close comparing competitors. Specifically, under the following qualifications:   Under 150 USD  220 GB or more capacity 150k IOps in read and write or more At least 2GB/s read At least 1GB/s write M.2 Form Factor available in the US (but it doesn't have to be exclusive)   Bonus if it beast out the PNY in some aspects for its price.  Thank you all in advance!
I'm looking to buy a laptop for use in many mobile CV projects, mostly using OpenCV. Namely some involving stereo vision and others involving object or location detection. I really prefer working in Linux, not looking for a config that will only work with Windows.  That being said, I'm a bit disconnected from the latest and greatest computer hardware these days, being mostly involved in public cloud computing for the past few years. I'm looking for recommendations from low end to high end so I can compare and contrast for what I need long term. It would be nice to just pick up a laptop from newegg or amazon that has all that I need, but not averse to building something either. I'd also prefer lightweight, but no problem if the power sacrifice is too great here. (If you haven't guessed from my indecisiveness, just looking for any and all suggestions :) ).
Asked before but topic was closed as it was deemed a tech support question more than a hardware recommend question, but I contest this, as we're looking to buy new hardware to solve problems, not reconfigure existing hardware, so...  We are a small GIS consulting company with 8-10 users in the office working most of the time. Our network setup has been very piecemeal up until now and we are feeling the growing pains as we start to access larger datasets (LiDAR).  I have identified a few bottlenecks keeping our workflows slow and hope people here can offer some advice on best gains for least dollars.  Here is what currently exists and what we are looking to replace with new purchases: -First is our router/switches, after the cable modem the network goes to a TP-Link TL-WR941ND, from there it goes to a TP-Link TL-SG1008D gbit switch, and that splits off to two TP-Link TL-SG1024D gbit switches.  -Second is our main NAS drive. We have an older Synology DS207 drive which is the main data storehouse. Everyone is constantly accessing it through the day, so it gets a lot of read/write calls from many sources. It would be nice to split up this drive so the data is in more locations and we're not all trying to get through the same door to the same data, or at least get a NAS that can spread data across a few drives and handle everyone in the office all hitting it at once all day.  -Third are the other NAS drives, mostly WD MyCloud & Buffalo devices meant for home users, but we use them at work. Not ideal, but that's what we could afford as we band-aided problems. Ideally we would replace this array of drives with another NAS, or even the single main one if it has 8 bays of drives. etc. On that note, is one big 8 bay drive or 2 4 bay ones a batter approach?  Not looking to go to 10gbit ethernet as we barely max out a 1gbit ethernet connection, and costs to upgrade all PC's is prohibitive.  So I am looking for hardware suggestions for ethernet switchers, unless the TP-Link ones we have should be doing the trick, and NAS drives to house 4-10TB of data (ie. either one big brick or a few smaller devices). Would be nice to have a NAS with some RAID redundancy, but we already back up our data every night to external drives and take them off site, so the NAS's can be all production space, unless the drives are hot-swappable and we could pop out the backup drive each night.  Any thoughts?
I am looking at getting a CPU from the following list:   Intel Xeon E3-1220v6 Intel Core i5-7600 Intel Core i5-7600K   Here is a comparison of these CPUs on the Intel website for your convenience.  I will be building a small form factor desktop GPU workstation (AI, ML, Computer Vision development) with an NVIDIA Quadro P600. I've narrowed it down to the CPU's in the above comparison. They are all pretty similar in price and specs, but what would you all choose if it were you?  On a side note, I'll mainly be using Linux / Windows but I'd like to possibly use this as a hackintosh, so let me know if any one of these is incompatible there, but not really that important if it's not.
I am looking for a single modem/wireless router (or just a wireless router) that can create/share three Wi-Fi networks, each of which are to separate connections?  See below for context.    My requirements are such that I need to have a minimum of three Wi-Fi networks available in a particular building. More specifically, these networks would be as follows:   Wi-Fi Network 1 provides a direct connection to the internet (so that three users can browse the web, check email, etc) Wi-Fi Network 2 provides a connection to VPN 1 (using Network 1 above) so that two users can connect to their work VPN Wi-Fi Network 3 provides a connection to VPN 2 (using Network 1 above) so that one user can also connect to their work VPN   The catch is all three Wi-Fi networks need to be available simultaneously, each with their own passwords so that the VPN 1 network can only be accessed by its two users and likewise the VPN 2 network only accessible to its one user. Wi-Fi Network 1 can be accessible to all, but still needs to be secured.  The two obvious options are:   have an ADSL modem/router connect to the internet and wirelessly share this, and then have two separate individual routers physically connected to that via ethernet to connect to and share their respective VPNs, or have an ADSL modem/router connect to the internet and wirelessly share this, and configure each individual device (computers, smartphones, tablets, etc) to connect to their respective VPNs (using OpenVPN for example).   However, I'm looking for a more elegant solution as multiple devices need to connect at various times and none of the users are tech savvy. In other words the best user experience would be to just have all three networks available around the clock and for users to just switch Wi-Fi connections on their devices as required. Also, having multiple modems/routers is overkill as the building is not that big and at most we're talking six simultaneous users.  If no single modem/router (or even just a router) can create/share three Wi-Fi networks, then what is the closest solution? For example, with Option 1 above, is there a router that can be configured to simultaneously connect to and share two separate VPNs so that I only need the one router connected to the ADSL modem/router rather than having two?  Note: - The Wi-Fi networks do not all need to be on the same band (e.g. one could be on the 5GHz band and two on the 2.4GHz band, etc).  Finally, I am also open to other suggestions to achieve the overall setup.
I'm working on a proof-of-concept for a project and I need a device to sit between a keyboard and a laptop/desktop. The device will have two modes: "regular mode" where it passes along all input it receives from the keyboard as keystrokes, and "secure mode" where it loads all input from the keyboard into the clipboard, pastes it on a button press, and immediately clears the clipboard.  I'd like to use USB for ease of use.  Since it's a proof of concept, I don't need perfectly suited hardware for now (i.e., if a Raspberry Pi or Arduino can this, that works). It should ideally be powered by the computer, but that's not a requirement at this point.
My Dell XPS laptop is very nice, but the keyboard and its trackpad are less than ideal for a full day's work, or a quick gaming session. I'm looking for a keyboard I can put in my bag with my laptop.  Must haves:   QWERTY layout Full-size shift keys on both sides Straight layout (i.e. no per-hand section or curved setup) Tactile marks on F and J keys to assist with blind typing Compact but not tiny: between 250mm and 350mm would be ideal, but I'm willing to go a little larger if it helps with the other requirements No trackpad Mechanical switches. I love the Cherry MX Red switches on my K70, something similar would be great Clearly separated function keys: so some space between ESC and F1, between F4 and F5 and so forth   Should haves:   Wireless Under $100 Basic media keys (play/pause, stop, next, previous, mute, and volume control) Regular section for Insert/Home/Delete/End/PageUp/PageDown keys Cursor keys (This requirement was added after the first answer popped up, until then I hadn't realized there would be options without them. I'm willing to consider keyboards without, but would probably prefer any with those keys.)   Nice to haves:   Not too loud Wrist-rest N-Key rollover   Not important:   Numeric keypad. That is, I even prefer not to have one because it saves space, but I won't dismiss options that do have one. LED lighting. Programmable keys. Scroll-lock key. Who uses that anways? :D   I have a Corsair K70 gaming keyboard with Cherry MX red switches for my desktop PC, and I love it. Basically I wish I could buy a more compact (e.g. no numpad), non LED lighted, wireless version of that. Perhaps that helps in recommending something?
I have been using a Raspberry Pi 3B as a workstation, connected to an HDMI monitor and keyboard and mouse.  I use it for a variety of tasks, as a general-purpose computer.  With accessories it was just over $60.  I already had the monitor, keyboard, and mouse.  It actually works well as a workstation.  I can browse the web as long as I don't open too many tabs.  It only has 1 GB RAM, period.  A bigger concern is the limited lifetime of using the SD card as primary storage.    I periodically save an image of the flash boot card onto my laptop hard drive so if the card fails I can always restore the image into a new one.   But it feels like I am living on borrowed time using Flash memory constantly.  This needs to become my primary Linux computer as I move away from Windows.  I need it to be able to do everything:  Internet, SSH, cron jobs, or anything else I might want to do on a general purpose computer.  With dependability  beyond the one I am using now.  So my question is:  Can someone recommend a low-cost Linux computer with a HDD and some RAM expandability?
I need to find out whether a Sony VPCSA3M9E laptop with a AMD Radeon HD 6630M graphics card supports WQHD 2560x1440 resolution via HDMI or not, to be able to make a display purchasing decision. I have no way of connecting the laptop to a screen with more than 1080p resolution.  A related manual does not provide this information.    Connecting a 1920x1080 HDMI screen, I see that the maximum possible resolution is 1920x1080. However this appears to be influenced by the display. On a desktop computer whith a Nvidia GTX 750Ti, which I know supports 2048x1536 via VGA and 4096x2160 via HDMI, I can only see 1920x1080 as the maximum resolution, which is the maximum and native resolution of the connected screen.  A 2011 Mac mini 2.7GHz dual-core Intel Core i7's description states:     Thunderbolt port with support for up to 2560-by-1600 resolution      HDMI port with support for up to 1920-by-1200 resolution   Knowing that Apple is trying to push their preferred standard (Thunderbolt), this doesn't necessarily mean that the graphics card is not capable of WQHD via HDMI in a Sony laptop.  From Wikipedia I learn that HDMI 1.3 supports WQHD since 2006 and that the Radeon HD 6630M graphics card was introduced in 2011.  The application GPU-Z does not seem to provide this information either.  Is there a way to find out what resolution is supported by the VPCSA3M9E's HD 6630M via HDMI?
The DVI KVMs I've been using for years have the property that they make the computer(s) that one is switched away from think that the monitor is still connected. This is, in general, quite useful; in particular, if one attaches a laptop to the KVM with the intent of using the laptop's display alongside the monitor connected to the KVM, windows will not reorient themselves when switching away from the laptop.  From what I can tell from researching DisplayPort KVMs, this property (which I have come to consider one of the main things that a KVM is supposed to do, rather than being a simple switch) seems at least uncommon and perhaps entirely absent from DisplayPort KVMs.  Is there something about DisplayPort as a connectivity standard that has invited this regression? Are there DisplayPort KVMs on the market that will emulate the presence of a monitor?
I usually use math and engineering sections so sorry if I missed section.  I decided that I want to buy new laptop. Let me say that I am not considering Macbook pro, it's just too expensive.I don't need extreme laptop for gaming(it would be nice if it could run something like FIFA, CS:GO) and the maximum price I am willing to pay is 800€. I don't really know specifications that much, I only look at the processor, and that is why I need your help. The laptop MUST be able to run Autocad, Matlab, Mathematica and other engineering softwares.  I looked over some rankings on the internet and everybody seems to point out that Dell Xps 13 is the best. I can understand this if we consider one with settings including i7 processor. But why would one with i3 cost 800€ and there are many other laptops including Dell's that have i7 and other better specs that cost much less than that?  What laptop should I buy? Also I care about the look of laptop a lot and I think Dell and Apple are unbeatable here.  Thank you.
I'm looking for whatever highest speed DDR3 2x8GB (2 DIMM slots/Dual Channel & Dual-Sided (DS)) memory is still available somewhere from this QVL for an ASUS Z97I-PLUS.  Desired Part No.'s in order of preference:  2800   AVEXIR AVD3UH28001208G-4BZ1   2666   AVEXIR AVD3U26661108G-4BZ1 AVEXIR AVD3U26661208G-4CI   2400   TEAM TLD38G2400HC11CBK PANRAM PUD32400C118G2LSK AVEXIR AVD3U24001008G-4BZ1   2133   AVEXIR AVD3U21330908G-4BZ1 G.SKILL F3-2133C10D-16GAB   2000   AVEXIR AVD3U20000908G-4C   Etc Etc...    I'd prefer getting them from a mainstream retailer if at all possible like:   Newegg Amazon Microcenter   But since I can't seem to find any of these anywhere I'm pretty open-ended about that. Definitely needs to still have fully intact manufacturer warranty wherever it's from.  And to just be extra picky, I don't want any 'ugly' memory. No green circuit boards - should be properly heat-shielded.
I'm looking for the simplest motherboard with an i7 processor, one RAM slot for 16gb, 10G RDMA NIC, 1 SATA port, a small NVME and power supply. No need for display ports, USB ports , KVM ports, multimedia ports etc. I'm looking for the cheapest option to build a 2-node Hyper converged Hyper-V Cluster on Nano Server 2016 with storage space direct.
After the death of my 7.1 surround system blue ray box, I am trying to find a device that does basically this:   Can be connected to the existing speakers from my 7.1 system Can be connected to a pc/mac using USB Has a line in good enough for being used as input for electric guitar or mic Can be used from a Nvidia Shield TV   Probably can't get them all, but I am trying to look at options.  I did check online and I did find 3 items; each with pros and cons:   StarTech.com 7.1 USB Audio Adapter External Sound Card: this looks cool, since it has the plugs for the 7.1 speakers; and it is USB; also has the SPDIF connection, which can be used with the shield TV (using the usb to SPDIF adapter). The cons is that it doesn't look much of a good item, considering that it cost just 40 dollars. I am concerned about quality and damages that it may cause to the devices connected to it. Behringer Xenyx Q502USB: Perfect as mixer, has many input and it is USB ready so it will work on anything that has usb. The cons is that it is big, bulky and has no way to pilot 7.1 speakers. Also it is pretty cheap and lack the features of a real external audio card, with DAC and all extras. Sound Blaster X G5: This is a proper external sound card with lots of power, due to the dedicated CPU for effects and audio processing. Basically replace the internal sound card, and is able to connect both headphone and line in for a mic and guitar, which is perfect for music studio usage. The cons is that you can't connect speakers to it, since it has only one output, and the 7.1 system is made for headphones, so it is a virtual dolby system.   I used to have a SB Audigy; which was an awesome card, although it was on PCI and my motherboard does not even have that anymore. Lovely piece of hardware.  What would you suggest? My Shield TV is in my living room, with the speakers already set; while my PC is in my office. I was hoping to get one device to move in either room, depending if I want to watch TV on the Shield with the 7.1 system, or work in my office/sound studio; but I think I will need 2 different devices.
I'm an illustrator and I'm in the market for a tablet or laptop with an active digitizer stylus (Wacom, N-Trig) but that can also run Ubuntu or Linux. I'd like to start to move away from iOs and Windows. What machines run Ubuntu and Linux but also have pen pressure sensitivity?  Thanks so much! Have a great day!  -Jonathan
I am currently using the stock cooler for the i3-7100 and should have heeded the warnings that it is incredibly loud (it is seriously unbearable).  I am looking for the quietest cooler I can find. Not overclocking this and it's the lowest specced Kaby Lake i3 there is. My only limitation is the cooler height must not exceed 56mm.
Rechargeable batteries have existed for quite some time, and Bluetooth peripherals have had time to mature as well. Does a Bluetooth mouse exist that draws its power from a AA battery, but can also recharge that battery inside of it, via a Micro USB port or similar?  If not, which engineering challenges prevent such a product? If these products do exist, but cost an exorbitant amount, why?
I'm looking into buying (or possibly building) a micro pc for streaming YouTube, Netflix etc. What specs would you recommend for the machine if it's gong to be plugged into a 50-inch 4k display?  I'm looking to spend around £150-200 on the machine (O/S Not neccessary).  Any guidance would be greatly appreciated!  (also, would the Intel ComputeStick be a good machine for this purpose? See specs below.)  Intel STK1AW32SC Compute Stick (Black) - (Intel Atom x5-Z8300 1.44 GHz, 2 GB RAM, 32 GB eMMC, Intel HD Graphics, Windows 10)
I have TS140 server running Ubuntu and several vm's for apps, web, MySQL.  Looking to upgrade CPU from stock i3-4150.   It is LGA 1150 (H3) socket.  I have the newer motherboard.    Is e3-1230v3, e3-1226v3, e3-1240v3 or e3-1276v3 better suited for server and if so, are there significant differences?  If I upgrade to e3-1240v3 (doesn't have gpu) will I still be able to run ubuntu desktop in the vm's ?     Is there a broadwell that would work in the LGA 1150 (H3)?  e3-1285v4?  Looking to spend ~ $300
I am looking to play some games on my MacBook Pro and would like to add an external GPU to it. Searching around I found that a Thunderbolt to PCIe enclosure works fine for that purpose, however all the ones I found seem extremely expensive for what is essentially a power brick, connectors and an aluminium box.  Does anyone know of a more reasonably priced option ? I'd hate to put more money into the enclosure than the GPU itself.
I want to buy Intel Atom C2550 but could not find it online.  anyone knows where I can buy one?  Thanks
I am looking for a wireless mouse with a rechargable battery in the range of ~50$. So far most of the mouses that I have seen have normal batteries as this one.  I want the mouse primarily to use it with my laptop when I travel, so sligthly smaller mouses would have preference over bulkier ones.
I am a .NET developer and need to work with Visual Studio 2015, SQL server etc.  I am ready to spend INR 6000 K(100 US $).  Details below:  Laptop : Asus X 553 MA  Processor : Pentium® Quad-Core N3540 2.16 GHz ~ 2.66 GHz Processor RAM: DDR3 1600 MHz SDRAM, 2 GB  Graphics: Integrated Intel® HD Graphics (Pentium & Celeron) 2.5" SATA  - 500GB HDD 5400 RPM   https://www.asus.com/in/Laptops/X553MA/specifications/
We are in search for a business document scanner with following scan options, all done over a ADF.  Simplex: front side  Duplex: front and back side   Simplex scan of every sheet to its own PDF. Simplex scan of all sheets to one PDF. Duplex scan of every sheet to its own PDF (One PDF with front and back side). Duplex scan of all sheets to one PDF.   We talked with a supplier of ours and got a Brother ADS-2800W from him, but its incapable of mode nr 3. After some research and getting back with the Brother Support, none of Brothers Scanner is apparently capable of nr 3.  Of course we also tried the usual ways (google, product comparison websites and all those "Best Scanners of >>insert year here<<"-Reviews) but none of those gave the information needed or didnt comply with at least one criteria.  Criteria:   ADF A4 sheet size Modes listed above Desktop size WLAN / LAN Save to SMB Network Share Price of 600€ / $ top   Thanks in advance for any kind of help!
I'd like to create my custom NAS box built on raspberry or clone. I need recommendation for an arm/atom/else board approx the size of raspb that has 2x sata ports that would enable software raid1 case for me. Not looking for usb 3.0 solutions
I want to have reliable, fast, wifi coverage throughout my house. It is a quite large house, with some thick walls, so a single wireless router doesn't reach to the far corners. I have tried adding extra wireless access points and boosters, but it doesn't really work very well. Devices often lose the connection as they switch from one point to the other.  I think about 3 access points would cover the house. Though it would be good to have the option of adding extra points as necessary. I already have a VDSL modem/router, so the access points can connect to that. I do have ethernet cables throughout the house.  It should all work as a single wifi network, ie all using the same SSID, so devices switch seamlessly between points as you move around the house. Maybe some sort of 'mesh' system?  I am willing to spend up to about £200, for a complete system that works reliably, and is going to last a few years.  Some systems I am looking at. Any experiences of these, or other options?   BT Whole Home Wi-Fi TP-Link Deco M5 Netgear Orbi Linksys Velop Google Wifi Ubiquiti Unifi
The key difference between this and a similar existing question is that I need my cameras to be not only wireless, but battery powered. I have one like this, the Ring "stickupcam", which is perfect except that it can only be displayed 1 camera at a time and only can be displayed on its mobile app.  I'm looking for the    lowest cost  battery powered  wireless  multi-camera  outdoor    home surveillance system where all video streams can be displayed on 1 screen, such as a flat screen TV (either my normal home TV or a dedicated flat screen of some sort).  The idea is that I want to be able to see all parts of my yard at the same time to make sure that my dog is OK (there's a fence, but I still worry). My home is old, so there are no outdoor power outlets, few indoor ones, and I'm not eager to do major wiring upgrades to make this happen.
I'm looking for a switch with port mirroring function and write protection function for his flash memory, so that no malicious code can be stored at the chipset or other connected machines can change configurations during runtime. Does anyone please give me some product recommendations with respect to the requirements above?
I used to work with a Thinkpad t420s and t61 which both have awesome keyboards like this:    Unfortunately Lenovo replaced it by a really bad 6 row layout.  Is there any new 14' - 15'  Laptop with decent power and a similar desktop like keyboard Layout out there?
I'm looking for a new monitor for my workstation. Unluckily, in my office the lighting is a bit weird, generating a lot of reflections, so I'd like a real-matte monitor like they used to make some years ago (and they sometimes still produce on 24"/27" monitors); but recent, large displays seem to be mostly semi-glossy or glossy. I can tell the glossiness of the AOC U3477PQU is excessive, as an example.  So, I'd like a suggestion for a display that:   Has a size between 30" and 35" Resolution is not THAT important, but I'd like a 3440x1440 or 3840x2160 display (I don't have a real bond on aspect ratio) DP 1.2 (I don't have HDMI 2.0 on my laptop) Available in Europe Absolutely matte or extremely low glare
Does there exists a EuroDOCSIS 3.0 cable modem, where the internal flash memory has write protection, so that the the configuration can't be changed during runtime if write protection is enabled?
I am impressed with the performance of the TP-Link AD7200 Wireless Router. But I am also aware that the 802.11ad ecosystem is still growing. There are not too many devices that support this band range/technology natively. Typically, one may buy a network adapter card that plugs in via usb or PCIe. However, when browsing different online sites, I found no network adapters that support 802.11ad.   Am I just really bad at searching or are there really no network adapters for 802.11ad yet? If the latter is true, I would find that surprising because it's halfway into 2017, and this ecosystem is still in its infancy?  My end goal is to put a 802.11ad network adapter into my desktop PC. I'm not sure what needs to be compatible for such a configuration, so here is some (hopefully) relevant information:   use scenario: open floor-plan (no walls) available pcie slots: 1 available usb slots: 5 cpu: 4790k motherboard: z97x-gaming 3
I've purchased this case off of Newegg for my custom NAS: https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16816215244  This case has 4 SATA cable ports for each individual hard drive. I'm looking for an SATA cable adapter that will work with USB 2.0. The challenge I have found has been that there are plenty of SATA to USB solutions out there, but they include SATA cable and SATA power all on one cable.   My hard drives are powered through the two SATA power ports on the machine and hence do not need the power connection. Any advice?  NOTE: I fully understand the bottleneck from SATA to USB 2.0. This will just serve as a temporary solution for non-time sensitive tasks.
I'm not sure if this is the right stackexchange for this but here goes:  I'm a writer (among other things), and I'm often on the go. It would be extremely helpful for me if I could write on a computer with keyboard that is the size of an ipad. I know that there are tablets of (about) that size with a keyboard connected to it.   But I also like e-readers with e-ink displays for reading.   Is there a tablet/notebook, that runs a normal operating system (like windows or iOS, or Ubuntu), where you can open word processors, chrome, and so forth, which has an e-ink display (and is cheap)?
My company has a "Quality of Life" benefit that if I don't use, I will lose. I am thinking about buying 2 Dell P2416D monitors (2560 x 1440), and a docking station that is compatible with both my work and personal laptops.  My work laptop is a Dell E7470 running Windows 10. My personal laptop is a MacBookPro10 purchased in Aug 2012 that I run Windows 10 via Bootcamp on 90% of the time.   I don't game, and don't expect to add speakers. I really just want to have two monitors, a keyboard, and a mouse. Nothing fancy.  Any recommendations?
I have been looking for a long while now but every product I found had something missing. It's like manufacturers make a product, fix some issues in the next iteration but make something worse; every time.  Here is a list of what I would really like to have:   8 threads CPU (which means either 4 core w/ HT or 8 core, thanks to Intel quad-core CPUs are practically non-existent nowadays) 2-in-1, 360° variant seems the most available but others like detachable are OK as well Discrete GPU, GTX 1050 4GB (or equivalent) is what I am heading for Numpad, seems like an optional nowadays, the numpad automatically requires a minimal screen size of 15"   Sidenote: 15" or bigger laptops w/out numpad are just stupid (damn you Yoga 420 15")  Ethernet Port 2 USB 3.0 Ports A headphone jack At least one USB C port DisplayPort (preferably) or HDMI Rotation sensor Mousepad with dedicated mouse keys   Two-finger scrolling and pinch support   Fingerprint reader 1080p or similar resolution screen, would actually prefer 16:10 aspect ratio (like I'd have no problem with a 1600x1000 screen)   IPS  No weird keyboards, standard layout a.k.a. now space saving hacks like half sized arrow keys   Nice to have but not super important:   Dedicated media keys NVMe SSD 250GB 100% sRGB coverage and good colours Build in HSDPA+ or LTE modem   Cool optional:   A touch bar like the one in the MacBook Pro something 2017? (not gonna comment here)   I know It's a lot but some help would be appreciated. Thank You!  I'd love if a manufacturer would read this and reach out to me to beta test a possible new laptop?  P.S.: If something comes to my mind I'll update the post and mark any changes.
I'm thinking about purchasing an external Dac for my iPhone to improve volume and quality of music I listen to when out and about.  I understand when I upgrade from the 6 to the iPhone 7, I will be forced to use an external Dac if I want to keep the same headphones I'm using now? Betron B750s.  Any Dac recommendations? I don't want something which drains the iPhones battery.  Been looking at Dragonfly black/reds, anyone using one of these?
I'm building a new system and I want to keep it as quiet as I can without degrading performance.  I do plan on doing some moderate overclocking.  I am planning on using an all-in-one CPU liquid cooler.  Am I better off getting one with 3 120mm fans for the extra radiator surface area or will a smaller radiator with 2 140mm fans still keep the system plenty cool and quieter?
I've been searching for a Mobile WIFI Router that supports 4 sim card slots but with no result, have anyone of you stumbled upon such a thing ?
As one of probably many around the world, I managed to get a decent internet package with my mobile phone, and like to use that on my PC as well. The ISP doesn't mind this as long as data usage stays reasonable, and it's very nice to be able to SSH into things and do work on the go.  SO I wanted to put this card in a separate LTE modem router, so I'd have a bigger antenna, stable fast wifi hotspot and less hassle overall, but unfortunately that means I lose the ability to make normal voice calls and usually also can't receive let alone send texts/SMS.  So I was looking for a LTE/4G modem (with preferably a large antenna or SMA connector) that I can plug into a small linux box (e.g raspi), that also supports voice calling and texts, so that I can use something like Freeswitch/Asterisk to route this to my phone over the hotspot connection, while also using the data connection on any other connected device.   Does anyone know a decent, linux-compatible LTE/4G modem, with voicecalling and texting support?
Most aerial drones on the consumer market seem to have painfully limited flying time.  What's the maximum on the consumer / developer market? Obviously, military drones have extraordinary capacities, but I presume they use technology that's not allowed or not available in the private market.  It would need to be programmable or have some API option to give it pre-set flying instructions rather than just RC control, or other technology to allow it to fly longer distances. Let's keep the price under a couple of thousand.  I'm aware of the DJI Mavic Pro, which claims 27 minute flying time for around $1200.
Could someone please recommend a cooler for a Ryzen AM4 motherboard (ASUS Prime X370-PRO). I need one that comes with a complete mounting kit (i.e. the first step in attaching is to remove the kit that comes with the motherboard, that is two bits of plastic on its top side next to the socket, and presumably a backing plate underneath).   To be clear, the parts that I don't have are visible in the photo at the top of https://www.asus.com/us/Motherboards/PRIME-X370-PRO/ I have just holes in the motherboard instead of the four screws around the CPU socket, and the two bits of plastic that they attach.  Many thanks in advance. Suggestions for where to find a replacement mounting kit that should have come with the board very welcome too. Thanks again.
I'm looking for a motherboard that is compatible with the CPU in question, but it must be with in my $130 Budget. I'm looking for a board suitable for budget gaming.  The board must have:   2+ DDR3/DDR4(If Possible) DIMM Slots, which can hold at least 8GB of RAM total At least 1 PCI-E x16 Slot for a Graphics Card    The only one that I found is this one:- Ebay, would this work?  Or is there another alternative board that I can use instead?
I am in a situation a little different from others described in other posts, so I will try opening my own thread.  I am looking to buy a laptop, and someone else is paying for it. I can go as high as $1000, probably. But my requirements for performance are fairly lite: beyond Chrome, Notepad++, and some other programs (emulating PSX/N64), the most intensive thing I do with any regularity is run Sypder and other Python-related software for data analysis and machine learning. The computer I work with now has 8 gigs of ram and it's been totally fine.  If it were my own money I'd get something on the cheaper end. Since I'm not paying for it, though, I'm very interested in durability over time--it isn't likely that the next computer I buy after this one will be paid for by someone else. With that in mind, I'm looking for a laptop with a metal casing and a sturdy, compact feel. The weight makes little difference to me as long as it isn't made of lead.  To summarize, here are my requirements:   Windows laptop Under $1000 Minimum 8 gigs of ram Metal casing, sturdy feel Long-term reliability important   Alternatively, if you have any advice for navigating this situation, I'd appreciate it.
I am looking for a KVM switch that can support multiple HDMI monitors with at least 1900 x 1200 resolution.   This KVM will be connected to a docking station on a laptop running Ubuntu and desktop computer running Windows 10 Professional.  I need the following things to be possible:   Minimum of two monitors needs to be shared via the KVM. Support for a third monitor would be nice but is not required. Monitor input is HDMI for both the desktop and the laptop docking station. The KVM needs to seamlessly support a USB keyboard input, USB mouse input and a USB Headphone/Microphone.  Support for more than two devices would be nice, but is not required.  The ability to switch between devices without physically touching the KVM would be nice. I'd like to just bury the KVM behind the monitors/under the desk. However, if soft key switches aren't possible on both Windows/Linux, I can live with positioning the KVM so that I can press the proper button. I'd like the KVM to not interfere with gaming when under Windows.   My budget is flexible.
As per my previous question(here) on a motherboard compatiable with the Xeon E5640, I'm trying to build a cheap gaming rig that is capable of playing games like ETS2 and Fallout 3/NV on decent settings.  I seem to have come to yet another crossroad. I want to include a 4GB Graphics Card in the build, but do not have the cash to splash on a GTX 1050/TI or 1060. So I did some digging around on the online stores (Amazon, Ebay, Craigslist), and I uncovered these two cards by sheer luck, both are AMD/ATI Radeon Cards, sans the one Nvidia Card.  The HD 7670 4GB - link  The HD 7770 4GB - link  The GTX 650 4GB - link  The R7 350 4GB - link  I don't plan on doing any mining with this rig in particular, and am dead set on making the best budget build.  Long story short, which of the two cards is the better option? If none of the latter is a good option, please supply me with an answer if there is another card out there within my $100 Price Range.  (Please note that any other recommendations are preferred to be in new condition)  Thanks for viewing!
I have Asus x553MA laptop with quad core processor  Intel® Bay Trail-M Quad Core Pentium N3540 Processor,   Specs here  https://www.asus.com/Laptops/X553MA/specifications/  can I replace it with with my old laptop Lenovo B450 dual core processor?  old laptop specs here  http://mobilespecs.net/laptop/Lenovo/Lenovo_B450.html  Pentium 2100 MHz  Processor Model:T4300  Number of Cores:2  L2 cache:1 MB  The system bus:800 MHz
I am looking for a keyboard for programming (not gaming).  Requirements:   Detachable USB cable (the same as smartphones use - USB A to Micro USB-B) Weight: Has to be heavy. At least 800g. Heavier is better. Rubber pads Format: DE: QWERTZ   Enter at the very right (or at least enough space between enter and anything more right so that I don't hit e.g. page up/down when I want to hit enter)  USB Hub: I would like to be able to plug in a USB stick / a mouse Backlight: Should be possible to switch it on and off Not ergonomic: I can't type on those. Not too flat: I use the Thinkpad T460p and I like how the keyboard feels. I've tried some Mac Notebooks and they feel much too flat for me.   Nice to have:   Mouse: A small touchpad / trackpoint / trackball - if it is big, I don't want it. Bluetooth-Capability (especially if I have a hardware-switch to turn it on / off)   Not necessary:   Num block (I slightly prefer not to have it) Media keys: I'm not sure about this, but I don't see an advantage in comparison to creating custom commands (I'm a Ubuntu user)   Considered so far  CODE keyboard (88 Key)   Detachable USB cable ✔ 907g ✔ Rubber pads ✔ QWERTZ format available ✔ USB Hub ✘ Backlight ✔ Not ergonomic ✔ Not too flat ✔ Mouse ✘ Nice design - judging from photos only, I guess the keys feel nice.
Currently I am looking to buy SSD, my first one at any rate, and I have seen all kind of SSD (internal, vertical, M.2 to name a few).  I am seriously considering this motherboard (huge upgrade for me going from AM2+ 1075T CPU to an AMD4 cpu) ASROCK Fatal1ty X370 pro gaming.  http://www.asrock.com/mb/AMD/Fatal1ty%20X370%20Professional%20Gaming/#Specification  I can see it has support for two M.2 sockets (1x M.2_1 and 1x M.2_2).  Question: How do I know what kind of SSD is compatible with this motherboard and what is different between "vertical, internal, and M.2" SSD and will this motherboard support all type?
Specs:  CPU: i7  RAM: 16GB (or configurable) (1600+)  HDD: 512GB SSD (or configurable)  Battery: 8h+  Body: Aluminum  Size: 15"-15.5" display  price: below equivalent Macbook Pro
I am looking for a USB power meter, i.e., a device that you can plug between a normal USB charger and a USB-powered device and that tells what is the voltage supplied by the charger and how much current is transferred.  Ideally, I'd like to have a meter with the following specifications:   The meter has USB type A connectors (type A plug in one end, type A socket in the other end), so I can use it with any USB charger with a type A socket, and then just connect a suitable cable to charge devices with either USB micro-B or USB C connectors. The meter supports modern USB power delivery standards, it works fine with e.g. Qualcomm Quick Charge technology, it does not interfere with the voltage negotiation, and it is happy to accurately measure voltages larger than 5V and currents larger than 2A. Reasonable price tag (below 50 EUR).   Based on the reviews, it seems that Satechi type-C power meter works pretty well with modern high-power USB devices, but has type C plugs, so it is not that convenient if I want to use it with devices with micro-B connectors.
I do not know if the question is well located, but I come to request a recommendation, I am having problems with getting a wireless router that meets my needs, in this case I look for one that can manage broadband through QOS or some method of Administration, but that has capacity for about 20 Devices. Now I have a DLINK Dir 822 and every 50 seconds the connection is dropped, I do not know if it's because of the warm atmosphere of the tropic at this time, but I want a new computer to solve this in my house. regards
I have a 3' (1 meter) tall plastic gate around my yard. I would like to automatically close it with my Arduino or Raspberry Pi. Not by remote control - I just want it to detect that the gate is open, wait a few seconds, then close it.  I figure I need 2 things:   A sensor to let the Arduino know if the gate is open or closed A mechanism whereby the Arduino can close the gate.    I feel good about my ability to find and implement #1, but I'm not at all sure about #2.   The gates curently use this kind of latch:    I figure to force-close it the mechanism would need a fair amount of force (I'm not sure how to measure or quantify this). OTOH to close it by first pulling back the latch, then pushing it closed and releasing latch seems like it would be much more complicated (?).   I'm also open to some different sort of latch to work with the robotic closer. Maybe some magnetic latch would work, but it would have to be strong enough to keep my 25lb Sheltie dog from opening it.
I have a DELL leap top Inspiron 15 3000 Series that I bought to years ago.  The RAM memory is 8 GB, The processor model is intel(R)core(TM) iS-4210u cpu@ 1.706GHz 1.60 Ghz. Me main use of this PC is for map making with QGIS software. Some of maps have a lot of details and I need to make them with 1300 dpi. It  can take up to ten mints to make this map and I need to close another software.  I want me PC to work faster and I was wandering what is the best way: to upgrade or to buy a new one? The maps take a lot of memory space so I was thinking to upgrade to 1,000 GB SSD drive, to upgrade me processor and to ask the technicians to clean the hardware form dust and replace the fan into a new one.
I'd like to have a Laptop that can do some QC calculations which is able to even do a little heavier stuff.  Such calculations need a fast CPU, don't use hyperthreading, have either a high memory demand or a high hard drive I/O.  So for the last point, SSDs are not the way to go, right? Probably some mixed system with SSD for system and HDD for the writing stuff.  Let's ignore the price - are there laptops that can deal with such specifications?
I have a bluetooth keyboard which I would like to use on my laptop. My laptop runs Linux and I have had it working in the past but it wasn't stable.  I'm now looking for a bluetooth adapter which will connect to my keyboard over bluetooth and acts as a standard HID device on the USB port of my Linux laptop. Because it presents itself as a standard HID device, it should work in the BIOS and any OS with USB support.  If you have another (creative) solution that might do the job I would love to hear that as well.
I'm planning to broadcast audio to abut 10 regular headphones spread across a small room. We'll be using regular PC headphones and I can splice/rewire em in parallel line that connects back to a laptop audio jack.  The laptop will be a very low power, netbook, or chromebook perhaps.   I reckon the laptop's audio wont be powerful enough to drive sound to all those headphones (I could be wrong).   So what would i need to achieve this? is there a small/cheapo amp for laptops? or any amp would do?  Looking forward to some advises :)  Thanks
I have been on something of a quest for something which I am finding to be a very elusive piece of equipment: a Bluetooth headset that works well with Windows.  My Windows 10 PC has an onboard Bluetooth module that uses drivers from Windows Update. Windows 7 did not have these drivers, so while running Windows 7, I had a whole different set of issues with external drivers.  What does work well mean?   Pairs to the computer as an audio and recording device (i.e. both audio input and output; usually will say something like "Connected to voice") Maintains connection even while charging Charges via MicroUSB Does not require any drivers outside of Windows Update to function properly (i.e. meet the rest of these conditions) Does not cause Audio service crashes or system crashes   You would be surprised how many headsets this requirement has disqualified; I find that trying to make a call via Google Hangouts, using the Firefox plugin (on Firefox ESR) causes problems like this for no small number of headsets    Unfortunately, no headset manufacturer advertises anything about these features, except occasionally the charging interface, so essentially, I have to purchase a batch of headsets, and then return them all because they all fail at least one of these conditions.  Some headsets I've tried:   Failed at connecting as voice device:   Plantronics M95  Failed at maintaining connections while charging (I'm guessing that if a particular manufacturer has this problem, it will have this problem for every one of its headsets):   Motorola Boom2 Jabra Stealth Jabra Mini Quikcell Mod B MPow Shield Sony Mono BT Headset (I don't know if it had a more descriptive name)  Used proprietary charger   Jawbone LifeCharge B30  Crashed some aspect of PC   Plantronics Explorer 500   Would crash the audio service whenever I used Google Hangouts, which would lead to no audio until I restarted and would cause a system crash on shutdown     I would like to target headsets $50 or under, and I would think that even a cheap headset could satisfy these requirements, but if none exist at that price point, I would want to know if any Bluetooth headset works properly.
I am looking for a camcorder to film ballroom dance events. This means it has to deal well with quickly moving subjects in low, artificially colored light. Full HD resolution should suffice. A microphone input would be a useful addition, so that music can be recorded directly from the sound system.  I try to keep the price point around 500 € at max, but recommendations from different price ranges are also appreciated.
My question is just like this one, except for bigger monitor size and smaller requirements. My monitors are 30'' HP LP3065 (old but huge) and the recommended VIVO Triple LCD Monitor Desk Mount works up to 24''.  My main requirement is stability. While I'd strongly prefer a desk mount, a wall mount might be an option.  I'm considering using all three monitors rotated, as otherwise, their total width would be needlessly big while I could use some more vertical pixels.
I've been searching for a fast internal wireless adapter for my desktop, but it seems we still have these issues with wireless networking on Linux. It should be as fast as possible and I'm not on a budget. But it absolutely has to have good drivers for Linux, preferably in kernel.   Any recommendations?
I am seeking a tablet or smart note taking pad that I can use to integrate with a database for a medical centre.  The scenario is basically digitalising a doctor's office.  When the doctor interviews the patients, he would like to have a tablet or smart interface with note taking options and drawing features digitally. And have the outcomes saved unto a database. It directly involves software as well.  But I would like to know if there are any dedicated products that have already been established for this purpose? I have taken a look at WACOM products.. but additional recommendations are welcomed.
I'm looking at getting a third monitor for my PC. I have an R9 380 and i'm currently using both DVI outputs. According to the AMD EyeFinity FAQ:     1: The first two monitors can connect to the graphics card with any display output on your product: HDMI, VGA, DVI or DisplayPort.      2:The third (or greater) display must be connected to the graphics card via DisplayPort.      3: If your monitor does not have a DisplayPort connection, you will need an inexpensive active DisplayPort adapter for it. DVI to DP adapters can be had for less than $30 USD.   Every family of GPUs supports a different maximum number of displays.   The monitor I have chosen has DVI input, and I have been given a DP to DVI adapter, but I don't know if it's active or passive. The reason this matters is because i've read that EyeFinity will only support it if it is using an active adapter, and then something about having only two streams??  The adapter i have is Dell 0KKMYD and i can't find out anywhere whether it's active or passive. I can't see anything on the adapter itself without opening the packet and I don't want to do that just yet in case I have to return it.
I have been trying to figure out what kind of watt range PSU should I aim for my X370 pro gaming motherboard.  I ran into a weird range of watt usage on different calculators.  My setup is this:  AMD Ryzan 1700x at default speed (no OC) 4x 16 DDR4 Dual Radeon RX 570 and SLI/CF (no OC) 2x M.2 SSD 2x SSD 2x monitor LCD 20 inch   Now Outervision says go for about 491 Watt or so. Which seems very low considering all things!  While Newegg doesn't seem to have put in RX 570 value in yet porperly so I replaced with RX 480 and it comes out at 696 Watt.  Evga power meter says 600 watt which undercut Newegg's estimate.  I am going to not setup all of this right away now and I may eventually upgrade to this later. For example at first I will only have one RX 570 GPU, fewer SSD more mechnical drives, and less RAM until I can afford to upgrade those.  So with all that in mind what kind of watt range should I aim for?
so basically I've gotten the chance to build a computer that has a budget of $2,000 to $3,000. But I just don't know anything about computers. See I'm in dire need for an upgrade from my current MacBook Pro, and this is because I work using the 3D Animation program known as Blender. I need a PC that renders animations in Blender extremely fast, both Cycles and Internal. I also want to use this computer for gaming. I won't keep too many games on it, I for the most part want to just run Dolphin Emulator on it and maybe a few other PC games, but I need to know what I need in order to build this computer that would be within my budget. I don't know anything, nothing about CPU, GPU, nothing. I want to get a high quality monitor, 4K or higher, a good keyboard which I can probably choose on my own, and uh yeah that's pretty much it. Here are the specs for my recent MacBook Pro:  Processor - 2.3 GHz Intel Core i7  Memory - 16 GB 1600 MHz DDR3  Graphics - NVIDIA GeForce GT 750M 2048 MB Intel Iris Pro 1536 MB  So my sister got her computer built and i want to follow the same steps she did which was getting all the information and then buying the parts needed, and then going to Fries Electronic so I can get it built. Again, not sure about what all that info is and I don't know if this is possible but I heard that you can have multiple graphic cards in the computer for very good improvement, if anyone can explain to me what I need (but act like you're talking to a 5 year old) then I'd be all set. Anyways, thanks!  Additional Info: Parts don't need to be available right now, things can wait a few weeks / months.
I'm looking for a ruggedized enclosure for 3.5" hard drives. These exist for 2.5" drives (like this one), but I haven't seen one for 3.5" drives.  My requirements:   Disk enclosure for one 3.5" form-factor SATA disk Compatible with large discs, i.e. 8TB++ (electronically and mechanically) Good passive cooling USB 3.x data interface Externally powered with a switch to turn it off Available in Germany   Wanted, but not required:   eSATA data interface   My use case is intermittent backup where the disks and enclosure are only on and spinning during the backups and then transported off-site for use in disaster recovery.
I need a new router for my tiny Japanese apartment - around 40 square meters.  I have a 1Gbps fiber internet connection. I have around 9 wireless devices in the house (phones, tablets, Chromecast etc.), but I am mainly concerned with gaming performance for my pc.   I want low latency (pings), stable connections, optimum routing, and traffic priority for games on this pc.  Pricing, size, availability (in Japan), and reliability are other factors for consideration.  Is WFast technology important for me and my needs? Will I see any real world performance differences from this?  Do I need dual core CPUs and a lot of memory? I believe these will help the router keep latency consistent and low.  How about adaptive QoS and MU-MIMO?  I have been looking at the ASUS RT-AC88U, but I am not sure if this is 'too much' for my needs.
I am looking for a hardware which can be mounted into a rack. There is no specific performance requirements:   min 1GB RAM ARM64 or x86 based architecture   A normal Ubuntu Core with a small JAVA applet should be run.  Interfaces:   2-4 I/O ports   Network connectivity:   Ethernet (1 G is better, but 100 Mbps is acceptable) 3G/4G modem   a NTH feature to reach 70 degree in operating temperature. Do you have any suggestion? Thank you for your help!
http://www.asrock.com/mb/AMD/Fatal1ty%20X370%20Professional%20Gaming/#Specification  I am somewhat bit lost on figuring out which memory that motherboard does support.  On one lines it say "- Supports DDR4 3200+(OC)/2933(OC)/2667/2400/2133 ECC & non-ECC, un-buffered memory*"  I have a quick installation guide booklet that say the same thing about 3200+(OC).  Yet the following table only list MHZ up to 2667. I may be misreading the table.  I talked to the computer department manager at Fry's Electronic (local DIY store for PC). He said go for 3000 MHZ because that is the motherboard clock rate.  I went to G.SKill website RAM configurator it only shows support for 2133 MHZ to 2400 MHZ for x370 pro gaming MB.  So my question is the 3200 listed overclocked to THIS amount or by default at 3200 and can overclock above that?
I was planning to install an OS on a USB flash drive so I can run another OS out of my classic Windows 7. I was searching for USB drives with high Read and Write speeds, but then I read on an article that that’s not what you have to look at if you want to run OSs on that flash drive.    Question  What are the specs I have to consider in order to get the best out of my flash drive? I was thinking about trying out MacOS Sierra, what do you think it’s best?    My pick  I found this USB by Kingston as a valid candidate, but then read on this article that it’s not...
Can you get a standalone TV set these days that   works without an internet connection to show free British TV channels works without requiring a subscription, account, password, or any kind of user identification or verification shows you what's being broadcast on a few channels as soon as you put enough electrical current through its plug at the right voltage, in whatever place a person decides to do that, assuming there's a signal does not communicate outwards with any device, or inwards with any device (even a remote control) other than the transmitter can be bought in a shop for cash   ?  I would be interested in recommendations both for TV sets proper that meet these criteria and also for three-part hardware arrangements that collectively meet them, comprising a box to receive the signal, a cable, and a monitor to watch it on.
I'm looking for a way to display web content on non-internet capable TVs. Requirements are:   HDMI output to the TV Built in WiFi or USB WiFi capability Simple for non-technical people to control, ideally no mouse/keyboard needed (a remote would be nice) Doesn't break the bank   Things I've tried so far and haven't worked:   Generic Android TV stick: Too complicated and requires a kb/mouse Roku: The only browser in their channel store is $5/mo which is out of the question Amazon FireTV: Was able to find a real hacky way to get a browser on it, but it rendered content in a real bad way for no discernible reason   I'm considering a Raspberry Pi but again that's a little more tech intensive than I'd like, hopefully one of you have run into a device that meets these requirements. Finding a simple device that has Chrome/Firefox/whatever built in or available is proving to be more difficult than I thought.
I'm looking for recommendations for a replacement cooler for my ASUS OEM 3GB Graphics Card. It's a single fan, however the mounting bracket for the fan is X shaped rather than the tri-point versions I've found while searching. If I could just replace the fan that would be great, however if I have to replace the cooler I don't mind. It just needs to be under $25.
Normally, I write code, browse webpages, and read documents with my monitors in a vertical rotation (portrait rather than landscape), but I've come to realize when I play games or watch shows (which I typically do at the same time), it's better to do it in a horizontal rotation.   I want a monitor stand that can hold two monitors together and rotate around a central axis. In my diagram, I show a red base connected to a green central rotation. That connects to the black bar which rotates both monitors attached via the blue brackets.   The main idea here is to switch from coding to games, I would just have to rotate 1 object together. The blue connectors should be able to move along the black bar to some degree to adjust for monitor size, and provide a way to adjust the angle in. The green rotation should just rotate the monitor on the roll axis.   I've looked for a solution, but the closest I can find is this: Planar Dual Monitor by Lenovo, but it doesn't rotate around the central axis.   Does anyone have a monitor set up like this? I'm not afraid of combining two monitor stands together if I must (like combine a single stand with the Lenovo bar), but I'd prefer a solution I can just buy.  Secondary reqs: 24" monitors in 1920x1200 configuration
I consider buying Titan XP for my work on training neural net on my laptop Mac. I have never used any external GPU but as far as I investigate how to set up eGPU, it seems that I must prepare another component called eGPU box. For example this blog author uses an eGPU box called Akitio Thunder3 along with GTX 1050 Ti.  However, I don't understand what is eGPU box and what is it for? Is it not possible to just buy eGPU and connect it to my laptop Mac? Do I have to buy yet another component to connect to eGPU?
I'm using an HP ZR30w 30" monitor, which is great to arrange things on the screen, but also gets a very high screen temperature (basically you almost can't touch it). Is there any kind of technology that provides similar screen size and resolution, but operating at lower temperatures?  Here's a review where a user claims the same point.
I have decided to mount my own nas in a relatively cheap way.  I found a motherboard with enough sata3 ports for my needs (ASRock A320M-DGS) and a cheap processor (AMD A4-4000). The only issue is that the motherboard has a AM4 socket while the processor has been designed for a FM2 socket.  [edited]  Since it appears that these elements are not compatible, could someone give me good alternatives (combination of motherboard and processor) within the same range of price and that fit my purpose (nas for my personal use, motherboard with 3 or 4 sata ports)?  Thanks in advance for your help.
I have a MSI GTX 970 4G and recently a few pins in the HDMI port broke. The card has 3 other ports: Display Port, Dual link DVI-I and DVI-D.  I sometimes alternate between monitor (1080@60) and TV (2160@60). What cord or adapter would you guys recommend to get maximum bandwidth (2160@60). My monitor has HDMI and DVI-D and TV only has HDMI.  Any help would be appreciated. Thanks!
Design a desktop computer system that would reasonably be expected to last for 100 years. Assume it will be used for 3 hours every day in this period (100,000 hours)  If some parts of the computer simply won't last that long, try and estimate how many spares might be needed to last the 100 years. For example, what type of monitor would last the longest before catastrophic failure? Would it last 100,000 hours? If not, how many would you need? Are there issues storing spare parts for long periods of time?  Assume the computer has about 1TB of data that you'd want to keep for the 100 year period. What backup strategy would you use?  Performance is not really an issue. Assume the machine will be used for running Office type applications.  If there are too many possible approaches to this to answer the question, then try and aim for the cheapest option you can think of.
0 down vote favorite I have a Synology NAS storing lots of movies and TV shows and I also have a Netflix account. In the past, I was using boxee box connected to my TV to play movies from the NAS via DLNA (unfortunately, boxee couldn't do Netlix for the past few years).  Since boxee died, I decided to get a HTPC running Win10 and Kodi to do the job, however, I couldn't get Netflix running on Kodi and I also wasn't able to find a skin that would be at least somehow as clear and ergonomic as the skin boxee used.  So, the question is: what HW/SW combination to use for this? Ideally, this should be all in one interface (one app or one device), controllable with a simple remote control and the skin should be really simple and minimalistic. I'm fine changing both HW and SW to achieve this, ideally for something that would meet the requirements above out of the box.  Note: I don't want to use anything like Chromecast where you got to have a phone to control the thing.
I consider setting up eGPU on my MacBook (mid-2017) to improve the training time on Deep Learning. Currently, it trains only on CPU and thus is too slow and practically useless to train a large amount of data. The Deep Learning framework I use is Keras/TensorFlow, which requires to use CUDA so it must be CUDA-compatible Nvidia GPU.  Switching to a desktop workstation is not a choice as I'm a traveler. Switching to MacBook Pro is also not a choice right now as it is heavy to carry, though it might be a consideration in the future (especially because it has Thunderbolt 3 port). The cloud (AWS, etc) is not also a choice as it is far more expensive in longer-term.    Badget: $1,200  The laptop is mid-2017 MacBook with 16GB RAM; the OS is always the latest (currently Sierra)  The electrical bill is NOT a concern as I don't pay.  The biggest concern is the port is USB 3.1 Gen1, which likely doesn't perform better than the expection. But it still should be faster than the CPU on MacBook; in this case is there any recommendation to set up eGPU environment?
I love my Sennheiser PX95 that I bought two years ago. It's simple. Lightweight yet sturdy with its metal frame. Does not over-heat your eats. The sound is more than decent. And it... used to be cheap ($35 back in the days).  Now Sennheiser seems to have discontinued the production of the PX95, and you can only buy it second-hand for about $75.  Is any other manufacturer making headphones similar to the PX95 these days?  Specifically, I am looking for headphones:   Under $40. Overhead, Lightweight, ``Open-ears", i.e., with speaker that do not cover the whole ear and avoid overheating your ears. Sturdy, ideally with a metal frame (I have been throwing my PX95 in my backpack without much care for more than 2 years, and it's like new, no damage to the frame, the speakers, or the cord), That provide a decent sound for the price, comparable or just as good as the PX95 (I realize this item is harder to evaluate...) Mini-jack, Corded,   ?
My current 6 button mouse is failing me, and I would like to find a similar mouse. My primary requirement is that it must have forwards and backwards buttons. It must also work with linux and be wired.
I was all set to buy the One Plus 5 but realised that it doesn't support SD cards or have an FM radio. I looked at the Xiaomi Mi6 as well but that's similarly hobbled.  Can anyone recommend a decent spec Android Nougat smartphone, 5" display or bigger with SD card support and an active FM chip please?  Budget, as it's been asked below, is up to what those two phones would cost in the EU (€450-550)
I am searching for a keyboard similar to the Cherry MX-BOARD 3.0. I used this keyboard for quite a time and really liked it but it does not satisfy all my requirements:   Low price (<=100 EUR) since this will my secondary keyboard Blue (or green) switches (Cherry) en-gb keyboard layout Media keys
Are there any noise-canceling headphones with a builtin audio player?  Background: I am looking for noise-canceling headphones that would be convenient to use on long distance flights. So far all of the headphones I have seen required a separate device to use as audio player. I find that inconvenient because I need to carry an extra device and will need a wire between the two devices whenever using them. Moreover each seat usually only has a single outlet for charging.  Minimum requirements that I am looking for:   Noise-canceling headphones with ear cups Builtin audio player that I can copy audio files to beforehand Must be possible to charge from a USB port   Nice to have:   FLAC support Ability to disable data connections such that I can charge from an untrusted USB port. Option to use a cable for audio such that I can use the headphones with audio from inflight entertainment or a laptop.
How can i efficiently use my dual monitor setup along with the same keyboard and mouse with dual machines, (Home Gaming pc and work laptop)  sometimes i need to work from home using my work laptop, but i don't want to disconnect all the Hdmi cables and connect new mouse or keyboard from my existing PC setup   i am thinking about plugging my laptop with usb 3.0 Docking station with multiple display outputs   current setup:    LG 34" Ultrawide with 2x thunderbolt, 2x hdmi, 1x Displayport (Display port is used by PC) Acer 24" monitor with 1 HDMI, 1 DVI, 1 VGA (HDMI used by PC) Logitech M720 wireless Mouse (Bluetooth can pair up to 3 devices, easy to switch)   Need suggestion for wireless multi-computer keyboard(mechanical gaming keyboard would be ideal) and good usb3.0 Docking station
Because of the shortage of AMD Vega cards. I have decide to move to a smaller video card upgrade now and wait on getting one of those Vega cards.  I am looking at pick up at a store close to Houston, Texas if possible. Fry's electronic or Micro Center or maybe best buy something.  I am only willing to spend up to $200 at the most for a PCI-E card.  I am trying to find one that isn't a side-grade or worse perform than what I have in my current PC. It is a GTX 660.  I noticed that most GTX upgrade ending up being too similar to GTX 660 and not having enough of an incentive to buy those at $200 or under. Am I wrong?
I am working on a Robot-project where a sub task is have to check how many and which RFID-tags are placed in a bucket.  Multiple tags will be placed into the bucket - so I run into the problem with RFID-tags colliding with each other. The reader will be connected and programmed via Raspberry Pi. From my research so far I have come up with the following 3 options:    1 RFID reader at the buttom of the bucket. This has to be a reader able to read the multiple tags at the same time, since the tags will be laying on top of each other. Example of reader: https://www.sparkfun.com/products/14066  2 RFID reader on the side of the bucket. Should read the tags passing by as they are thrown into the bucket. Would not required that the RFID reader is able to read multiple tags at once, but the reading should be fast enough to catch them passing by. Example of reader: ADAFRUIT PN532 NFC/RFID   3 Same concept as 2 but minimizing the space and using slides to hopefully give a bit longer time for reading the tags. Example of reader: Same as in 2  I am aiming for the most simple and most secure solution.   How would you guys do this, and what kind of RFID hardware would you recommend to go with the Raspberry Pi connection.
I am looking for a monitor of 16 inches or less, that could get conected to my laptop and using it as a second screen.I don't mind if it is portable or not, but I would like it to be touch screen.  I know that screen of this kind are available for Raspberr Pi. But is it possible to use this kind of screens as second screen for a laptop?   Does anybody knows any other screen that could be used the way I explained?  Thanks in advance.
Is there a PC laptop without air vents in the bottom, just like the Macbooks? I've always found those lame; How am I supposed to use it on the top of my lap if I must keep the air vents clear? I actually moved to Mac just because of that. But I'd really like to know if there's a PC option. Thanks.
I'm looking for a high refresh rate IPS monitor. It should have no problems with text clarity, because it will be used not only for gaming/entertainment, but for web browsing and reading also. This test helps to check if the monitor has correct sharpness and does not apply any artificial blurring or sharpening filters, which may make fonts look worse: http://www.lagom.nl/lcd-test/sharpness.php  I've already done a small research about some other models, and it turns out they fail the test: see this reddit post for details.  If you're going to test your monitor, it's essential for Lagom test image to display 1:1, so make sure DPI scaling in OS, and zoom in web browser are set to 100%, and nothing in the system scales/resizes the picture or applies some artificial blur/sharpening filter.  It would be interesting to know if ASUS PG279Q, AOC AG271QG, LG 34UC79G or any other model with similar specs pass or fail the test.
I have a Dell Inspiron 5558 with following configuration.   Intel Core i5 5250U 1.6GHz 8GB RAM NVidia 920M 4GB Windows 10 Updated to latest stable 1TB 5400 RPM WD HDD   Now the problem is, I can't use my laptops full potential due to limited read-write speed of HDD. To solve it, I want to upgrade my HDD to SSD.   Is my laptop compatible to upgrade to SSD ? What dimensions of SSD will be compatible ?  Which SSD will be best ?   Kindly help me upgrade my rig. Thanks :)
I am a research student and I received a NVIDIA Titan Xp graphics card from NVIDIA as a research grant. However, the IT department in my department says that the gpu is can not be put inside any of our existing systems. So, I have decided to buy a system myself. But I am confused about what should I buy since there are so many factors to consider for example cooling, power requirement. Also, since I am buying this myself I don't want to cross 1000 euro. Can you please provide me some suggestions. Please keep in mind that my focus is on high-performance computing, this system will not be used for any other purpose. Also, this is my first question on this site and I have very limited knowledge of hardware, so if something is not right or require more information please let me know, don't downvote. I appreciate your help.
I want a laptop to work on 3D (Blender, mainly). My budget is between 1000 and 1500e. Any recommendation? Mi biggest problem with laptops have always been heat, so I'm looking for one that can render for 6-7 hours without turning off.  How good can be a Macbook Pro to work on 3D? Can I have any problem when exporting any blender file made in Windows into a Mac?  Thank you.
I am to purchase a laptop today. I have narrowed down to 2 choices.    An Acer laptop with 16 GB RAM (expandable to 32 GB) and with GTX 1050 4 GB graphics processor.  A Del laptop with 8 GB RAM (expandable to 16GB) but with GTX 1050Ti 4GB graphics processor.   The prices are almost the same. The Acer has a 128GB SSD in addition to a 1TB HDD. But I am willing to compromise on that IF 1050Ti with 8 GB RAM will give me substantially good performance compared with 1050 with 16GB RAM  USAGE   Heavy gaming (2-3 hours per day) - GTA V, Witcher 3, Skyrim, etc. Mobile application development (1-2 hours per day) - Android Studio
I have over 300 paper documents.  Some are single-sided and many are double-sided.  I need to scan them into individual PDF files, with each file containing all the pages for each document (and only those pages).  I need to get this done quickly and efficiently.  I prefer automatic OCR as well, but this is not a requirement.  I also prefer a device that can also print, but that is also not a requirement.  Lower cost is preferred, but open to all options.  What hardware can accomplish this?    UPDATE  I am looking for something that if the document is one sided, will only put one page in the PDF, or if it is double sided, will put both sides in the single PDF.
I am looking for a 2x8Go DDR3 RAM below ~150€ based on this configuration:   ASUS P8P67-M Intel Core i5-2500K GeForce GTX 980   From the motherboard specifications:     Dual-Channel DDR3 2200(O.C.) / 2133(O.C.) / 1866(O.C.) / 1600(O.C.) / 1333 / 1066MHz   Does O.C. mean it will gracefully fallback to 1333MHz if not overclocked?  Should I pick the Kingston HyperX Fury HX313C9FBK2 DDR3 1333MHz CL9 over HX318C10FBK2 DDR3 1866MHz CL10 if compatible, or is there a more reliable manufacturer?  One thing I got from here to compare RAM let me think I should unless I plan to overclock:  1866 Mhz / CL10 = 186.6 1333 Mhz / CL10 = 133.3 1333 Mhz / CL9  = 148.1   Finally, is 2x8Go reasonable or should I aim higher to be safe, knowing that I will have four slots?
Would a professional GPU or gaming GPU be better for light gaming? Or do I even need a GPU? I plan on playing "retro" games (read: games with retro graphics)  Game List (currently, may expand in the future): - Super Hexagon - Race the Sun - Boson X - Halcyon 6  Do "retro" games rely more on CPU or GPU power. Also which card would be more compatible? I run a varient of GNU/Linux, Ubuntu Budgie, a derivative of Ubuntu which is a derivative of Debian  PCPartPicker Link: https://pcpartpicker.com/list/rtvXcc  Please Note that I am pushing the limits of my budget currently
I am developing a product that incorporates various sensors and actuators, and also a monitoring display (5" 800x480 TFT LCD HDMI).  Right now I have everything figured out with an Arduino handling all sensors/actuators and a Raspberry Pi Zero for WiFi and graphical output, but I need to think ahead for a potential mass production where raspberry pi zero is not available for bulk order...  GR8 C.H.I.P. Pro does not have good support for displays neither. The old C.H.I.P. would have been perfect but it has been discontinued.  Any suggestions ?
I am looking at buying a laptop for uni. Most of uni stuff won't need very good specs but I also want to play a few games on it. The laptop I am looking at has a choice of Intel Core i7-7500U 2.7GHz or Intel Core i5-7200U 2.5GHz processors.   It costs £50 more for the i7, so my question is it worth it, and also if the newest intel processors are worth getting (I believe the 2 listed above were released in autumn 2016, and there have been more released earlier this year- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_Core).
I'm buying a new smartphone, and I wanna make a smart decission about it. I want the best for the price, but I don't wanna read a bunch of reivews.  I'm buying at a price range of Samsung J3, but it can be any other model.  I don't know should I go for some top brands like Samsung, or try with something like GM or Alcatel. I mean, why are GM and Alcatel so cheap, are they really low quality, or? I don't believe it's low quality, GM is Google right, does that mean it's gotta be good since it's from Google?  Samsung offers much less for the price than GM, Alcatel and Cubot, why is that so, is Samsung overrated?  Can I buy from GM or Alcatel without fear that it will break soon?   I haven't found a single review GM 4G and Lenovo K10a40.  This is the store where I'll be buying, it's Croatian, but you'll understand, I'm looking at about 1000 kn price range. 1 USD is about 7kn.
With the vast amount of graphics card enclosures appearing on the market, I need some help choosing a future-proof one with the following guidelines:  I have a Mid-2015 MacBook Pro (2,5 GHz Intel Core i7, 16GB RAM, AMD Radeon R9 M370X 2048 MB) and I would like to drive two external 2k monitors with a secondary graphics card and enclosure. This specific MacBook only supports Thunderbolt 2, therefore the enclosure has to be compatible with this revision of the Thunderbolt technology.  Since I may upgrade my MacBook to the latest model at some point, I would like the enclosure to be able to make sure of it - therefore it has to support Thunderbolt 3 ports, too.  I would like to use the GPU enclosure with OS X and Windows.  In addition: I am going to live in Germany, the US and Canada in the next two years so it would be nice, if the enclosure would support all these power plugs/voltages.
I need to buy or build a machine for my research in Deep Learning and Computer Vision. I read in some tutorial about building a machine for Deep Learning, it suggested using a CPU with minimum 8 Cores, where Cache Doesn't Matter even some people suggest that CPU power doesn't matter as much as GPU. They also suggested  a minimum of 8GB RAM and a GPU with at least 2GB Memory. Suggested GPU GTX 680, GTX 980 and GTX 1080. First two are not available here.  The reason why I'm not following already available suggestions is that I have low budget and I'm considering only those options which are available as used or at low cost in Pakistan.  So far I have visited local stores and I have been offered following packages. But none of the store owner has ever encountered a person working in machine learning or vision so neither they know anything about requirements nor I. That's why I don't even know if all these components offered in packages below will work optimally together or not. So Please have a look at them and let me know if they is something wrong with using one kind of processor on a kind of motherboard or GPU compatibility with board or processor.  I also open for mixed suggestions e.g. using GPU offered in one package and CPU from other but I want to keep my budget as low as $1000 with a little margin. Prices of some components are provided separately.   Option 1 ($991 or PKR 104500)   Asus X99 Board (Supports 40 Lane PCIe 3.0) - USED ($237) Intel Core i7-5820K (6 Core, 3.3 GHz, 15M Cache) - USED ($332) 16 GB DDR4 RAM - NEW with Full Warranty ($142) 500 GB Mechanical Hard Drive - USED ($19) 128 GB SSD - USED ($28) GTX 1050Ti - NEW with Full Warranty ($185) 650W Power Supply ($42)  Option 2 ($835 or PKR 88000)   Dell T3610 Desktop Workstation - USED  Intel Xeon E5 Series Processor with 1 Core, 30M Cache - USED  16 GB DDR3 RAM ($33) 500 GB Mechanical Hard Drive - USED ($19) 128 GB SSD - USED ($28) GTX 1050Ti - NEW with Full Warranty ($185)  Option 3 ($1803 or PKR 190000)   MSI X99 SLI PLUS (Supports 40 Lane PCIe 3.0) - USED Intel Xeon E5-2620 v4 (8 Core, 2.1 GHz, 20M Cache) - USED 16 GB DDR4 RAM - NEW with FULL Warranty ($142) 500 GB Mechanical Hard Drive - USED ($19) 128 GB SSD - USED ($28) GTX 1080 - New with Full Warranty ($711)  Option 4 ($1090 or PKR 115000)   HP Tower z820 Intel Xeon E5-2687W (8 Core, 3.1 GHz, 20M Cache) 16 GB DDR3 RAM ($33) 1 TB Hard Drive ($28) 128 GB SSD ($28) NVidia Quadro 5000 (2.5 GB, 384 bit)  Option 5 ($512 or PKR 54000 without Graphic Card)   HP z620 Tower Intel Xeon e5-2650 (8 Core, 2 GHz, 20M Smart Cache) 16 GB DDR3 RAM ($33) 500 GB Hard Drive ($19) 128 GB SSD ($28) Graphics Card is not included
Our software development team is spread out.  We desperately need a white boarding solution and the basic web based ones aren't cutting the mustard.  We've tried using our tablets to share our drawings, but they feel too small.  The key features:   Two way sharing.  I can draw and the guys on the other side can too, in near real time. It's big enough to be useful.  I'm used to 6' x 4' whiteboards.  Something the size of a 60 inch TV would work. I can capture and save the drawings for later.   $2,000 is probably the upper limits of the budget.
I'm looking for a new laptop, better than the one I have got right now.   Currently, I have got an Acer with an AMD E2-3800 APU with Radeon(TM) HD Graphics 1.30GHz and 8 GB RAM.   I have been looking and I have found a HP 250 G6, with an i3-6006U, Intel HD 520 and 8 GB RAM.   I want to be sure the difference between them with be enough.
For arguments sake there is no upper bound on my budget, but the lower the better, clearly.  I am looking for a touchscreen display of 30 inches or greater that has a resolution of 3840 x 2160 or greater.  It will be for content creation and other similar usage.
I'm looking to buy a gprs gsm gps tracker device in order to build a web application for tracking portable objects like cars. the device should be able to transfer data (coordinates): 1. indoor and outdoor 2. from all over the world 3. constantly (the application will display the object on the move)  4. over the internet is there a developer here that built such application and can recommend on a suitable device ? thanks
I have a motherboard Hi-Fi a70u3p (http://www.biostar.com.tw/app/ru/mb/introduction.php?S_ID=773) and I need to buy an intel core i5 6600 or equivalent processor. Does this motherboard support this processor model? If not, then advise similar processor that this motherboard supports.
I am looking to build an editing PC and one of the crucial components is CPU.  However, it seems like Davinci Resolve run almost entirely on the GPU, and the GPU I have is the RX560 4GB. I am wondering whether will I get a better performance by going for the Ryzen 7 1700 instead of the Ryzen 5 1600.   Getting a more powerful GPU is out of my budget. I have a B350 motherboard coming in the mail, I just need to know what CPU I should get.
I am a landloard in Canada and I want to implement a paid washing machine solution without buying a commercial coin laundry. I want to use a regular washing machine that is cheaper, better looking, feature rich, and compact. And I want to add some sort of vending controller.  For the purpose of this question I will assume that the washing machine I will buy has a wire going to the START button that I will be able to disconnect. I will put a relay on this wire.   Ideally, I don't want to program the controller from scratch. Is there an existing cloud service provider that can take care of maintaining the user accounts for me (tenants), collecting payments (PayPal or Canadian credit cards would work), and then controlling the relay remotely. On my side I will have a relay connected to let's say a Raspberry Pi or something like that. That Raspberry Pi will have either an RFID reader or a code keypad to authenticate users. When card is swiped or code is entered, the start button will be unlocked for 15 minutes and the fee will be charged to the API that maintains the payments.   Maybe all this service provider does is just manage balances and collects charges through some API calls from my local interface.
I have a Dell laptop, with the ring shaped charger (not usb-c), I want to be able to charge it trough my giant battery pack, it has usb-c and a. Is there and adapter or wire, so 1 end is usb-c (45w) and other is wall outlet (so I can plug in the wall charger) or directly to dell's charger port?
I have a question similar to  Picking VM server hardware for development. I am trying to choose a machine that will run several (up to 4?) windows/linux VMs to be used for testing and development. A "home virtualization lab" to quote the linked question. One difference is that I want to use multiple monitors directly connected to the computer. I'm not sure of my budget, but $1000 dollars is probably a soft maximum, however less is good. I have built many machines, but I haven't usually picked components.   The linked question is a year and a half old, so I don't know what has changed.   I am intrigued by the idea of a used rack mount server as suggested by the second and fourth answers, and would appreciate suggestions regarding good models or models that are to be avoided at any cost.  If a new build is the way to go then I am mostly asking about RAM, CPU and board recommendations. I think I can handle the storage.  Thank you
I'm looking for a new Android phone to replace my current Nexus 5. It should be similar in size (the Nexus 5 is 137.8 by 69.2 mm, so a screen diagonal of about 5 inches) - I don't like the trend towards large phones. I am however looking for decent hardware. It should also come with an unmodified current version of Android, I also don't like waiting for months/years for updates as I had to in the past with a phone from LG. I'd prefer for it to have an audio jack and the navbar buttons on-screen, not as hardware buttons. Another thing bugging me about my Nexus 5 is that it only has 16 GB of storage - I need 32 GB at the very least.
I'm looking for a 1x PCIe Adapter supporting half mini and mini PCIe wireless network card   Quality components Transparent (No additional drivers needed etc) 3 antenna connector preferred (2 minimum) Able to use the full speed of a PCIe slot Compatible with all existing 802.11 protocols + Bluetooth
I'm looking for a compact digital camera with manual controls.    Requirements   Price1: As low as possible Flash, SD Card Slot Maximum Size2: 6 x 5 x 2 inches Manual Control: Aperture, ISO, Shutter speed Specifications   Minimum Aperture: f/2.8 Picture Resolution: 12MP Video Resolution: 1280 x 720 @ 24p Microphone: any quality Shutter Speed: 1/2000 sec - 30 secs Zoom: 5x optical      Preferences  Lower Number is Higher Priority   RAW Images (1) Specifications   Picture Resolution (2): 20MP Shutter Speed (3): 1/2000 sec - infinite Zoom (4): 20x optical Video Resolution: (5) 1920 x 1080 / (7) 3840 x 2160 Video Framerate (6): 60p  Interchangeable lenses3 (8)     Not Necessary  But fine to have!   Touchscreen HDMI/VGA/DVI/Other output Internal storage WiFi     1Please post other cameras fitting the preferences above the budget for others who stumble upon this post 2Flexible 3Consider the price of a decent lens when comparing to alternatives with fixed lenses, up to your discretion
Requirements   need to run 2 monitors - 1920X1080 and 1280x720 with recording @30fps during coding No or little gaming multitasking include coding on    android studio and watching videos on youtube running software like    VS code, IDE From JetBrains, Android Studio, BB FlashBack recorder    for screen capturing, general web development.   current parts https://in.pcpartpicker.com/list/v2wnf8  Furthermore There is a situation I need to handle. Here I am going with the R7 240 2GB DDR3 XFX card which has both HDMI and VGA outs. I have an old monitor HP w15e which has only VGA port. I am going to get a new monitor 1080p which is DELL-SE2216H and has both HDMI and VGA connection.  problem: I will use dell as primary monitor and hp as secondary using "extend display" feature on windows 10. I am thinking of connecting dell using HDMI and hp using VGA. Can i use both HDMI and VGA at the same time to extend the screen?  So on the desktop HDMI from gfx card-->dell 1080p VGA from gfx card-->hp 720p
My father has about 20-25% vision impairment (with eye correction) and I would like to ask you about a monitor which could make his life easier (avoid sitting too close and straining eyes too much).  Typical display like 24" 1080p is too small for him. Of course it is possible to adjust resolution and/or DPI settings but it is not always fully supported and can be quite annoying.   To avoid limiting the work space, I would like to ask you about some display which could run in 1080p as its native resolution but having bigger diagonal (probably starting at 27 inches).  Must-have:   Screen size >= 27" 1080p Anti-glare coating IPS/VA Panel   Nice-to-have:   Pivot Flicker-free Anti-Blue Light   Budget: up to $1200  Do you have any recommendation on that?
I am a mechanical engineering student and I want to buy a laptop for personal use. I wish to learn to use 3D modelling software like Autodesk Inventor and numerical analysis software like MATLAB on this laptop. What laptops can be used for this?  Please note I am only learning to use the abovementioned software.  Can the HP Pavilion X360 14-BA073TX be used for this? Are there any models of convertible (2-in-1) laptops by Dell that can be used for this?
I need assistance in building my own computer. Budget is not a problem. To understand what i need, i do the following.   Run Ubuntu OS  Run Multiple virual machines at one time (often two, kali linux and windows 10 , i assume i need multiple cores and big memory, 64gb?)  Run a Ethereum Node (not mining tho, i assume this takes up networking (wifi) and memory)  Run Adobe Cloud programs in the windows 10 VM (takes a ton of my recourses, memory and more cores i guess?) Will still need to connect via wifi on desktop temporarily, but i assume i can just use a usb wifi moduel, is that correct?   I tried to build a computer on PCPartPicker, but i just do not know enough to make a good decision. I am familiar with overclocking if its recommended, and wont have a problem doing so.  Can someone help assist in marking or guiding me to what i need? Budget is not a problem, but id like to keep it under 5,000 USD.  Additional question,   Do i need a cache in my SSD? Pick me a Video Card, i have no clue Is anything i have completely unnecessary and be replaced with something much cheaper for nearly the same performance?  This is my current build, please inform me of better options and recommendations enter link description here
I'm trying to make a toy for my son-in-law. It's a robot with a complex web/app interface, currently based on the Raspberry Pi. The RPi has everything I need (and more). With one exception:   Because the idea is that he can mess around with the hardware, the file system must be completely resilient to disconnection of power. (A USB power bank). The RPi has around a 10% chance of corruption when power is abruptly removed, and the only work-arounds are:   Make the file system read-only. This is not an option for me because firstly doing so with any linux variants made for it is way beyond my expertise, and besides, it is critical that it be writable for my purposes. Design and incorporate a circuit that acts as a micro-UPS that gives enough time for the RPi to safely shut down when power is disconnected. I have actually successfully done this. The issue is the size of this plus the RPi is far larger than I would have hoped. Also this doesn't solve a  secondary issue: boot up time. Both are in the order of 30 seconds. To make the toy appealing, it should have near-instant boot and shut-down time. (Eg that of a TV or games console).   What alternatives to the RPi could do this?  The features/capabilities I ideally need it to have:   web server with high-level server-side language (PHP or NodeJS ideally). Although if necessary I could make an android app that does the heavy lifting and sends basic commands to the toy. Wifi connectivity low level hardware interface for controlling motors or other hardware, via SPI, UART or similar.  Ability to interface with a camera, to stream to the client (browser or app).   I'm pretty sure I'll have to compromise on something, and my question is what hardware alternatives to the RPi are a best match. Thanks
So, I'm looking to buy a new PSU. After much research and a few other questions on this forum, I've come up with this shortlist of PSUs.   http://amzn.in/akQKpXE  The PSUs in the list are as follows   Seasonic S12II 520W - INR: 6,500.00 (USD:101.29) Seasonic S12II 430W - INR: 5,500.00 (USD: 85.71) Antec VP500PC - INR: 3,630.0 (USD: 56.57) Antec VP450P - INR: 3,700.00 (USD: 57.66) Antec VP550P -INR: 4,755.00 (USD: 74.10)   The Antec ones fit perfectly in my budget and needs, however, I see a much better opinion regarding Seasonic. Seasonic is slightly out of my budget, however, I'm willing to stretch only and only if there's something absolutely additional that I would gain from it.   My main requirement or criteria (in order of priority) are as follows  1. Safety: Certainty that the PSU won't cause any damage to other components within the system if at all it were to fail OR if there are some irregularities from the wall outlet. (I live in an area that is prone to voltage fluctuations. I currently use a UPS but still, additional safety would mean a lot).  2. Durability/Stability: It would maintain decent performance for a good amount of time, at least 2-3 years.   That's all I'm really bothered about. Safety of all my other components being the most important one of all. I really don't mind a bit of noise from the fan, unsleeved cables, or anything else that does not directly impact performance (consistent output) and safety( being most important of all).   I'm also not going to overclock the system in any way. If anything, I might add an additional stick RAM somewhere next year.  So my question is,   Does the Antec suffice for the above requirement, if yes, which would be the best of the three. (I'm inclinded on VP450P, don't really know what the "C" in VP500PC represents. I heard the "PC" suffixed ones are made by CWT, while the "P" suffixed ones are made by FSP/Delta seems to be some confusion regarding it). If not, will the Seasonic 430W unit suffice for the below config (as I'm not looking at overclocking or expanding in the near future. Apart from RAM).  I know Seasonic uses better components (mostly Japanese capacitors) and makes it own PSUs (as well as for other brands). However, how exactly does this impact the quality? I mean are non-Japanese components more prone to burst/explosions, or lesser quality voltage regulation, more ripple etc. Basically what exactly is it, that I'm putting at stake if I go for Antec instead of Seasonic. I ask this as I want to keep a balance between keeping my costs low and not compromising on anything absolutely necessary.   My current rig is as follows   Motherboard: Asus H81M-CS Processor: i5-4440 3.1Ghz  Ram: Kingston hyperx fb-dimm  SSD: Kingston SSDNow 300 (128GB)  HDD: WD 1TB  Graphics Card: GTX 750Ti   Online PSU calculators say I need roughly 300W adding buffer I think a 450 - 550 should be fine.  Feel free to recommend anything else you think might fit the above requirements and be cheaper than the ones on my list if any
Okay, so a while ago my Viotek V-1200 power supply unit went out. It makes this electrical buzzing noise when I go to power it on, and I don't have the ability to fix it so I'm looking for a new one. The problem is that I'm not sure what PSU to buy. My confusion comes from the amount of wattage my computer would need.  SPECS:   Motherboard: MSI 990FXA-GD65 CPU: AMD Phenom II x6 1070T Memory: x4 DDR3 4GB Video Card: Nvidia Geoforce GTX 550 Ti Storage: SATA 7.2K RPM (Barracuda 7200.12) Optical Drives: x1 DVD-RW/DVD+RW Drive & x1 DVD-ROM Drive USB Ports: 4x USB 2.0 & 2x USB 3.0   I used a power supply calculator (https://outervision.com/power-supply-calculator) and its telling me that the recommended PSU wattage is about 461W, and is recommending an EVGA 650 BQ or EVGA 600 B1. These both cost less than $100, but I'm not sure if the price really means anything in this situation. My broken Viotek is 1200W. The jump from 1200 to anywhere below 800 worries me that my desktop won't have enough power. I may be wrong, but that's why I'm asking here.   Any help or PSU recommendations are greatly appreciated.
I currently have a Moto G (1st Gen) and have been very happy with it. I like its durability and unadulterated version of Android. My only gripes are the lack of storage (8GB) and the weak camera (5MP). I use my phone for calls, browsing the web and photos of my children. I don't play very graphics-heavy games on it.  Grateful for your thoughts, thanks.  Edit: I should probably say, although it might be apparent, I want a contract-free phone.
I use a laptop to type my thoughts in OneNote. I prefer it over a physical notebook because of:   The ability to quickly copy or transfer the notes via clipboard, where it is easy to look and think on related thoughts. This provides flexibility, which is essential. The uniformity of typewritten text, which makes it clear and easy to read The ability to search typed text   However, there are also several disadvantages, such as the following:    Laptops have limited battery life, unlike physical notebooks.  Laptops have a significant startup time, unlike a book, which can be instantaneously used.  All laptops are general purpose, and have functions other than inputting thoughts. This would seem to increase both upfront and ongoing (maintenance) costs. Even if I am using laptop, for typing, other programs seem to be using its resources.    Are there devices similar to Microsoft Surface, with stylus, meant only for thinking and not for any other purpose, to reduce the device cost and increase durability, similar to the focus of e-readers on reading?  I don't have experience with Chromebooks, don't seem to have Microsoft Office available. If a device with offline versions of note-taking software, like OneNote, meant only for note taking is produced, it may become very popular.  Modern laptops might be powerful to eliminate problems, but if a device meant for only writing thoughts is produced, this might get even more powerful. Is there such a device now, or is it to be produced?
I need to build a PC for my work, doesn't need an OS and can be a PC or server motherboard... The motherboard has to be able to work with all of the DDR4 options listed below (Not mixed at the same time of course). Also, would like to support up to 64GB per module if possible, but can settle for 32GB.  We would like the highest data rate possible but can settle for only going up to 2666. Any help would be greatly appreciated!  Data Rate: 2133.33(PC4-17000), 2400(PC4-19200), 2666(PC4-21333), 2933(PC4-23466), and 3200(PC4-25600)  Voltage: 1.2v and 1.4v  Types: ECC, Non-ECC, Registered ECC, and Load Reduced
So, I'm looking for a wireless router that can share the files of a connected USB-drive so they can be viewed by any PC connected to the router with only the use of a browser and http.  The router would be needed to make the files available for viewing with a browser at http://routerIP:portnumber, since the OS of the connected PCs is very limited and can't use ftp or connect to devices on the network.  If anyone happens to know such a router (if it happens to exist), or alternatively a router that works well with custom firmware, please do share your wisdom with someone who's a complete rookie at all this stuff.
since there's a plethora of laptops available, which used laptop can you recommend that meets (all of the) following requirements?   price around 600€/700$ (or a little more, I might find one in bad optical condition or stretch my budget a bit if it's really worth it) win 7 was preinstalled from factory 16:10 screen, resolution may be as low as 1280 x 800, but higher preferred. Non-glossy display preferred, but glossy is fine 13" or 15" if light battery life at least 6h (with new battery), preferrably a battery that can be replaced by myself very good keyboard (Thinkpad or Macbook pro as reference) SSD, 128GB is fine if ram isn't upgradable, 4GB the very least i5 or better reasonable trackpad. Doesn't have to be Macbook-good but also shouldn't be Thinkpad T410-terrible. Can be small though cooling fan accessible for cleaning   What I don't need: USB 3 (or any other port besides USB 2), Webcam, dedicated gpu.. You get the picture.  Build quality and reliability should be good. Rather business grade than consumer. Please recommend dell laptops only if they are widely known to be very reliable as I have made only bad experiences with dell laptops.   Thank you very much, I appreciate your help.
I need an external 4TB hdd with usb 3.0 connection. I need it for using as a storage for my (local network) media server and for regular backups. I want to buy a silent, reliable and longevous disk, its speed is not the most important point. But, if possible, i'd like to have around 100/100MBytes per second read/write speed.   My variants are listed here (imgur pick):   Seagate STDR4000200,  Seagate STEA4000400 and  Western Digital My Passport 4 TB (WDBUAX0040B)    are 2.5" usb-powered HDD's;    Seagate STEB4000200 and  Western Digital WD Elements Desktop 4 TB (WDBWLG0040HBK-EESN)   are 3.5" HDD's with external power supply.  Of course, I would prefer 2.5" size, if these HDD's aren't worse than their big analogs. Besides, I think that not soldered usb port have not of the last importance. Finally, I do not trust Seagate very much, because I had some unfortunate experience with their products, but this can only be a biased opinion.
I wonder that what is the distance between top of PCIe x 16 connector and top of GPU card? I think it has a constant value, so if constant value, it will be recommended in any document, but I can't find anything related to it. Anyone can help me?   Thank you
I want to upgrade my work PC's memory but I'm not sure what to order. It's running Ubuntu 16.04 and has a Fujitsu D3128-A2 mainboard. Four out of eight memory slots are occupied. This is the output of sudo lshw -short -C memory:    Are these information enough to select new RAM? I'd like to add another 32GB (which the mainboard can handle according to the German manual). I have not been able to find the current make of memory in a shop, which is SK hynix H5TQ4G83AFR.  E: As pointed out in the comments, that seems to be the name of the chip, while this is apparently the correct ID for the whole thing:
I'm here to ask what has been already asked many times. Is a laptop better than a desktop computer? Usually, people say "According to your need" or "Desktop PCs because they are more powerful and less expensive" ... but looking at my need, would it be the right decision? I'm 19 and graduated this year and after 3 years I have studied 3D (So I'm not new in this field), I decided to get a computer (now I have money unlike 3 years ago) for modelling, sculpting and rendering. I aimed to buy to Asus Roger GL753VE-GC004T (Amazon Italy) (my budget doesn't overcome 1300$). Here is the hardware in a nutshell:   CPU: i7 7700HQ 2,8Ghz - 3,8Ghz GPU: 1050 Ti 4GB RAM: 16GB DDR4 Display: Full HD 17"   As I said, with the computer I will use Blender, ZBrush, Photoshop and I'm going to start VFX.  In my country (Italy) the field of  Computer Graphics 3D is new and it's at a low level unlike abroad where, for instance, in the UK it will be easier to apply for these jobs. I'm not a novice but at an intermediate level, so as soon as I will get the pc, I'm going to spend a lot of time to create advanced stuff. For example how much would an assembled desktop computer be more powerful than the laptop I chose. At first, I wanted to buy the laptop pc because after I will have created many rendering and I will have shared on my portfolio, I would have applied for a job in Italy (for a short time - just to produce something for someone) and abroad (permanently) as in Italy it's difficult.   However this Asus has good features, but what stops me is the GPU, sometimes I think that in the future I will need a more powerful one, but is an assembled desktop worth to lose the mobility with a greater GPU. Does a 1050 Ti live up? Then, I thought that if I will work for someone in Italy (that is probably far from my house), it's not sure I would work for someone that provides the hardware I need to work (because the desktop would stay at home). There are many questions in my head but there is a  great confusion in it, I hope you understand! I'm afraid to choose the wrong thing and I want advice from anyone how knows what I'm talking about. Can you help me?
I own a small production company and use a lot of hard drives to backup my data. I want to find an affordable solution for file storage. What is the best way to achieve this? It doesn't need to be attached to a network nor 24/7 running. I imagine this as one huge hard drive where I can dump files from my editing computer. Could this be a cheap PC with multiple hard drives, or something else? Easy and hassle free would be great, thanks!
I am trying to record 5-8 RCA A/V inputs on an Ubuntu machine.  This is the research I've managed so far:   Easycap RCA to USB is a good device at a dirt cheap price. Except if your give it an HD video, it chops it up into a square, not sure why. Please let me know if there is a way around this? (I am yet to test if this is compatible with Linux+MythTV) DVRs/NVRs are made for security purposes and while they are great for video capture, getting video files off them, using a cron job, is incredibly hard, even if you include a NAS. Unless someone knows of a manufacturer that makes this super easy? (The manufacturers want you to use their software, not your own code). Sensoray Model 1012 is an 8 channel frame grabber which captures raw uncompressed footage, and they say that to save mp4 videos, I am going to have to encode the videos in real time (like a DVR). Also this is incredibly computationally expensive, and according to them I would only be able to do this for 2 channels and not all 8. I thought perhaps I could run ffmpeg on Nvidia to get this done, but I'm not sure this would work. (slightly expensive). If anyone can point me in a better direction I would appreciate it. Other devices, manufactures who can give me un-programmed DVRs, etc etc.   A few more details, the video needs to record uninterrupted for a few days, and so I cannot have the capture process break in the middle. Therefore, continuous capture plus continuous saving of video+audio. The video files can be broken up into 1-2GB files for ease of storage and moved off the capture device, as long as the capturing is not affected.
I'm searching a portable machine for programming and I don't know which is the best between laptop and chromebook.  Requirements:   At least a 5hr life battery I'll run linux (probably ubuntu or lubntu) I'm a web dev and I'll use react/redux, node and loopback.js my budget is 400€ I don't need a GPU I'd like to have a good speed while working
I already have the Samsung S8 and now my boss at work gave me an iPhone 6 as a work phone so now I have two phones just to keep two phone numbers. It would be more convenient if a phone could use two SIM cards and two phone numbers with one phone. IIUC Lenovo produces such a phone but high-end smartphones usually don't have this feature.   Can you recommend what I should get? I'd like to know a few alternatives but I have no particular budget restrictions, I can afford a couple of hundreds of USD for this.
I had the opportunity to acquire a second hand ASRock Z170 EXTREME 7+ mainboard at a good price and plan to assemble a tower to perform data recovery jobs.  It is a high-end board, whith 10 SATA III ports, 3 SATA Express, 4 PCIe-3.0 x16 slots, USB 3.1 A+C ports, M.2, a.s.o. Specifications are here: http://www.asrock.com/mb/Intel/Z170%20Extreme7+/?cat=Specifications  As working with hard drives that are possibly hardware defective, the quality of the power supply unit is important.  I plan to use:   2 or 3 dual drives hot swap bays, each accepting one 3.5'' and one 2.5'' hard drive, but having a unique SATA power socket 1 CD/DVD bay 1 floppy bay 1 to 3 SATA hard drives with miscellaneous operating systems, directly connected to the motherboard   So, the SATA power cables for permanently connected devices should be 8, although most of the time 3 to 5 should be in use. For the most busy days, I would like however the PSU to support more than 5 devices.  The remaining SATA ports will be used to connect other hard drives, when all SATA bays are full or for diagnostic purposes.  Probably 2 or 3 PCIe expansion cards will be in use (things like the PC-3000, MRT, ...) and possibly a graphic card.  I've not chosen the processor yet, but it will be an Intel i5 or i7 of 6th or 7th generation. The RAM was not chosen yet, but will be dual channel DDR4, probably 8 GB or 16 GB, as huge quantity of RAM is not necessary in this case.  Gaming performance is not required and graphic needs should be moderate, mainly for post-processing of recovered pictures through thumbnails view. So, what is required is a solid "technician desktop" with many hardware extensions, but moderate processing needs.  The stability of the whole is essential.  I would like the cables to be long enough to reach the SATA bays easily.  So, how many Watts should the PSU support?  Which brands / families / models would you recommend, taking into acount "old" series, as I prefer a second hand high-end model to a medium range new model?  To the precence of which kind of power connectors (other than SATA ones) should I pay attention as well?  Alghough I'm used to upgrading hardware, this is my first attempt for a self-made tower. Thank you for your help.
I was owning Dell 24 inches monitor, which worked for me perfectly for 5 years. Recently I bought new one, exactly the same model. I launched it and my eyes were hurting after only half hour of work (I am working a lot with text, when I watch Youtube or playing games I do not have that issue). I was schocked a bit so I placed those 2 next to each other and... as if it were 2 different monitors (I did tried to calibrate, but it appears that displays are from 2 different leagues). I have discovered that I have exactly the same problem with most of the modern displays that costs ~300-500$. I can only work for half-hour on those. Suprisingly I can work on 27 inch iMac 12 hours straight without single sing of eyes hurt, the same goes with surface 4 pro. Do You know any PC monitor that would behave the same as iMac or Surface Pro ? I am not interested in having 4k or 5k resolution, I am interested in working comfort. Another question - do You know what are so special about those displays (iMac, Macbook display, Surface 4 Pro) ?
I have an almost 8 year old PC with LGA 775 socket, I want to somehow upgrade it and use as a web development machine, I need to run Photoshop, adobe illustrator, visual studio and android studio.  following are the screenshots taken using CPU Z Please suggest upgrade of Processor, RAM and can I use SSD in this ? Also does graphics card helps in photoshop, android studio?
I asked a question here and I was told to create another question asking for a mainboard recommendation.  So far the parts I have in my Amazon Cart are the following:   The Ryzen Threadripper 1950X (I don't know wether I should also purchase the liquid cooler)   Anyways though if there's a Mainboard recommendation that fits my required needs it'd be amazing to get some help, thanks!  The requirements:   Must feature one sTR4 (the threadripper-) socket Support for 2x PCIe 3.0 x16 is required Support for at least 2 SATA-3 drives and an PCIe NVMe SSD Support for at least 4 RAM sticks and at least 32GB total Price should be 300 USD or less on amazon.com The mainboard should also not feature known spacing issues with 3rd-party coolers (don't need to research hard on that one) As the case isn't picked (yet) any standard desktop format is acceptable   It is preferable to make good use of the budget and get a durable mainboard over the cheapest possible fitting the requirements.
(Copied from superuser) With SSDs getting cheaper and more mature, I am thinking of getting some for off-site backups. I would store system images and media backups on it, updated weekly-monthly. The drives would be rarely moved (although some shock tolerance would be welcome), stored at ~20C and powered on only to update the backups (so weekly/monthly). Considering all this, would I be better off with an external SSD or HDD?  (SSDs - consumer grade MLC/TLC, Samsung T5, HDDs - consumer/enterprise grade (not much of a diff anyway) WD, both in under 1TB varieties)
I'm looking for a smart phone.  Requirements   unlockable bootloader, excluding the method described as 'bad' below. compatible with micro SD card compatible with LineageOS or Replicant (modem works, wifi works, camera works, etc) multi-touch with at least five pointers use SIM card compatible with Cricket Wireless (AT&T's network) for use in USA $0-$200, hard limit Any price?!  I want the cheapest one. :) Used is OK     What legally/easily unlockable bootloader means...  If you want to put your own OS (that you built) on a smart phone, you need to have an unlocked bootloader.  There are different ways to get there.  I think some of those methods are good and some are bad.   BAD Download some kind of executable from a forum and run it on your PC or smartphone.  The program exploits vulnerabilities in your device to unlock it, despite the intentions of the manufacturer. OKAY Download the source code for a program, inspect it and build it yourself, then run it on your PC or smartphone.  The program exploits vulnerabilities in your device to unlock it, despite the intentions of the manufacturer. GOOD The manufacturer offers a free (gratis) service for power users that allows them to unlock the bootloader in their device.  Registration is required.  Note: LG for example has this service, but only for some models of their devices. BETTER The manufacturer offers a program that can unlock your device.  Registration isn't required.  I think this is how it works for some devices, but I'm not sure. BEST The device ships with an unlocked bootloader or unlocking can be performed with off-the-shelf software such as the Android SDK. I heard this is how it works for some devices, but I don't know which ones.     Note, this question is similar to this other question from 2016.  It's a great question with great answers, but there are new devices now...
I am looking for a LED light and a wall switch that are both connected to each other via Bluetooth.  I would like the switch to be able to toggle the light on/off, but I don't want the switch physically wired to the light. The light would be wired directly to the power and be always on.   Basically, I want a "pull chain" light bulb, that the "pull chain" is a Bluetooth signal that can be sent from a Bluetooth switch or an app.   Plus if the products are HomeKit or Nest Weave products.
I’m looking for an affordable SAS/SATA PCIe controller card that I can use only PC.  I have 4 x 3TB 3.5 SATA hard drives and want to be able to use them on the new  card.  I have read a review of some cards and they say they only support up to 2TB disks. I’m trying to find out what I need to look for for the card to be able to handle big hard disk sizes.   Any recommendations or advice while searching would be great.   Thanks
So I've been looking for a cheap, quality solution to cool the VRM's on my XFX R9 270. Im trying to avoid bought heat-sinks for the fact that thermal pads can get pricey, and I'm weary of using thermal glue (for good reason, the card is coming up on 8 years old and still runs like a champ). I've been thinking of making some heat-sinks from thermally conductive aluminum tape (Ive tested the adhesive and it does not conduct electrical current at all) but I dont want to spend the time to make such if there is a solid, cheap alternative out there that I haven't seen or know about. Any recommendations or second opinions would be gladly appreciated ^.^   EDIT: Budget would be $30 for the heat-sinks, I'd need 8 to cover all the VRM's. Thermal pads/glue I know can vary widely in price so I'm open to ideas.  P.S. This is my first inquiry on SE so if what im asking is out of place or anything of the sort and such, I'll gladly ask in another forum ^.^ (Pretty sure I have the right place lol)
As a computer technician, I have about 500 IT equipements to manage (hard drives, computers, displays, printers, a.s.o.).  I'm looking for a passive RFID equipment in order to know for each equipment in which location it is stored (office, whareouse, transit).  Please advise for beacons (detectors), RFID tags (stickers), and software.  Technical constraints:  The warehouse is underground and doesn't have any Internet connection. The only electrical outlet is outside the deposit.  Characteristics of the desired system:   battery powered RFID beacons that I can mount of the door posts (width 70 cm to 1 meter) and coming with a power button that I can toggle when coming at or leaving the warehouse. capable to automatically update a portable device in my pocket to tell if the object is in the warehouse, in transit, at the office, a.s.o. Multiple objects can pass through the door at the same time. Ideally the device would be a smarthone (Windows Phone or Android), so that I don't have to wear one more device. (If not possible, a Rapsberry PI running Linux or other device would be possible as well.) standalone, i.e. able to work totally offline (not requiring and Internet connection at any time) beacons preferably not requiring WLAN (WiFi) to communicate with the device, as I don't have Internet at the warehouse. (I'm aware about battery powered WLAN routers but would prefer the beacons communicating directly with the device through Bluetooth or else.) connectable to at least one computer about once a day to update an existing MySQL database. using open standards for data storage and not a proprietary "closed" system. Preferably using sqlite database format, or able to automatically generate SQL requests to update the database. able to support stock growth for future years (i.e. not limited to 500 items) if the software is able to support further storage hierarchy, so that I could mount RFID detectors on racks it would be nice, but this is not mandatory. if this is possible, able to reattribute used RFID sticker to a new object (once remaining quantity reached 0)   Hardware and softwares do not need to be bundled. Free softwares and commercial ones are both welcome as long as they are good.  Thank you very much for your suggestions.
I was told to create another question, this time for the best GPU I can get for Blender 3D Rendering (Cycles) My total budget or this PC I want to get built (I pick out the parts) is $3,000. These are the first two questions I've asked:  I need a really good computer that I can get built for Blender 3D rendering and gaming  Mainboard Recommendations For Built Computer Meant For Rendering (And Gaming)  Here is a summary of what i have put plain and simple:  https://imgur.com/a/0mBlM  But yeah I have a question there too which would be great if it was answered, thanks!
UPDATE 1, 2, 3 at the end  My first post on Hardware Recommendations.   Incidentally, my question also pertains to my first time building a "computer". So heads up, there will be many factual errors and misconceptions henceforth.  The question is what would be an appropriate CPU and GPU for the given task described in the section Background below; to summarize: general purpose tasks, entertainment/media and development (programming, compiling, virtualization), but no high-end gaming.  Outset  I have with the help of online guides come to the conclusion that Intel CPUs provide a good combination of computational power, low power consumption and heat output. I decided to begin from the "socket-end" and search for CPUs that were available and within my budget (see below).  The problem I am having is that I cannot differentiate the prospective CPUs as which ones are the most appropriate for my build; I simply cannot comprehend how they would perform. I have looked at "benchmarks" but the numbers are not helping.   http://browser.geekbench.com/processor-benchmarks   Most guides and questions I have found are centered around either "gaming" or "servers", sometimes touching upon terminal servers, but always oriented towards budget builds.  I would like a recommendation for a CPU and GPU either   a concrete model either from the given candidates below or other suggestions. or what other technical aspects or considerations I should evaluate in order to filter out the given candidates.   I would appreciate concrete cases or other examples.  I understand that the CPU in itself does not a guarantee or is the sole factor for the performance of a computer system; the primary and secondary memories are as an example equally important, and the ability for the software to utilize the benefits of high-end components another. The question is about selecting an appropriate CPU [to build the rest of the computer around; the first stop being the GPU].  The candidates  GPU  I am currently still reading about "video|graphic cards", although I do not expect the need for a high-end GPU.  CPU  All candidates   x86_64 Intel EPT, Intel VT-d, Intel VT-x Intel SpeedStep, TurboBoost 14nm (with the exception for Core i7 4790K; 22nm)   The Xeon candidates   supports EEC E5-2608Lv4 and E5-2620v4 are limited to the instruction sets: AVX2, TSX and AVX2, TSX. W-2125 is launched but not yet available on the market?   Core i7 4790K   The only CPU with an integrated graphics chip (Intel HD Graphics 4600)   Overview                  +---------------+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+-------------------+-----------+          Socket |    LGA 1150   |             LGA 1151             |            LGA 2013-3            |                LGA 2066       |                 +---------------+-----------------+----------------+-----------------+----------------+-------------------+-----------+                 | Core i7 4790K | Xeon E3-1260Lv5 | Xeon E3-1240v6 | Xeon E5-2608Lv4 | Xeon E5-2620v4 | i7 7740X X-series | W-2125    |                 |     (Box)     |     (Tray)      |      (Box)     |      (Tray)     |  (Box / Tray)  | (Box w/o cooler)  |           |                 +---------------+-----------------+----------------+-----------------+----------------+-------------------+-----------+           Price |     ~€$350    |             ~€$300               |              ~€$400              |      ~€$300       | ~$€$400?  |                 +---------------+-----------------+----------------+-----------------+----------------+-------------------+-----------+             TDP |       88 W    |       45 W      |      72 W      |       50 W      |       85 W     |      112 W        |  120 W    |                 +---------------+-----------------+----------------+-----------------+----------------+-------------------+-----------+             GHz |      4,0G     |       2,9       |      3,7       |        1,6      |       2,1      |        4,3        |  4.00     |                 +---------------+-----------------+----------------+-----------------+----------------+-------------------+-----------+     Core/Thread |                     4 / 8                        |               8 / 16             |              4 / 8            |                 +---------------------------------+----------------+-----------------+----------------+-------------------+-----------+        L2 Cache |              1 MB               |       ?        |          ?      |       2 MB     |        1 MB       |    ???    |                 +---------------------------------+----------------+-----------------+----------------+-------------------+-----------+        L3 Cache |                      8 MB                        |               20 MB              |        8 MB       |    ???    |                 +---------------+-----------------+----------------+-----------------+----------------+-------------------+-----------+       Bus speed |     5 GT/s    |              8 GT/s              |      6.4 GT/s   |              8 GT/s                |    ???    |                 +---------------+-----------------+----------------+-----------------+----------------+-------------------+-----------+   "CPU Mark"[1] |     11 192    |      10 067     |     11 503     |         ?       |      11 427    |      12 323       |    ???    |                 +---------------+-----------------+----------------+-----------------+----------------+-------------------+-----------+   [2] cpubenchmark.net/  Comment  As I understand the Intel sockets, the LGA 115x are targeted towards consumers and hobbyists. The LGA 1150 is obsolete and replaced by LGA 1151. The LGA 2013-3 is aimed towards professionals and high performance and is now superseded by LGA 2066.  I have considered the following selections.  Selection #1 "end-of-the-line system" (LGA 1150)  The reasoning behind this option is to go with a decent system (I think), which can be discarded completely in favor for a future build.  Selection #2 "middle-end system" (LGA 1151)  The LGA 1151 was the initial socket I settled on. The problem is that the only E3 processors left are the ones listed in the table above, and I cannot figure out if any of them would be a good choice or not.  Selection #3 "end-of-the-line system" (LGA 2013-3)  Basically the same idea as with Selection #1 but more power/expensive.  Selection #4 "start-of-the-line system" (LGA 2066)  The last option is to wait for the "Xeon W-2125" or use a "stand-in" CPU for the moment, thus, the inclusion of the i7 7740X X-series.   Background  The task  The aim is to build a "terminal server" that fulfills the following requirements:    seamless performance: the client should "feel" like working on "an ordinary computer". This requirement is of utmost importance. low energy consumption: as the terminal server could be active for longer periods of time keeping the cost for electricity should be kept low. low heat :  mainly in order to keep noise down when selecting a cooler.   The terminal server is intended for:   "general use", such as, document management (many documents at the same time), email, “web surfing (many tabs open at the same time), watching HD videos,[*] "server use" for internal media streaming and stand-in server when needing access over Internet, "development", which could require for example more intense I/O operations and calculations, and running tests in virtualized environments.   [*] I do not expect more than 1080 but do not wish to preclude the possibilities of higher modes in the near future.  The purpose is to centralize administration over devices and access to resources. The focus here is not the client platforms, which are planned to boot using PXE over network   http://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/PXE http://hardwarerecs.stackexchange.com/questions/97/recommendations-of-thin-clients-running-ubuntu   Miscellaneous   The terminal server will run on a Linux distribution. Number of connected thin clients: 2 (should be able to handle 4) Number of monitors for each client: 1-2. The terminal server is not intended for gaming. The storage device will be a SSD.   Cost  The cost should preferably max out around €500 or $500 for the CPU. I think the GPU should not be as expensive as its main function is to offload the CPU during certain tasks when necessary, such as, video transcoding (see below Rationale).  Rationale  My understanding of a CPU in a terminal server is that it functions somewhere between a server (many cores to serve many users) and a workstation (more powerful in order to serve applications to those users).     think of terminal server performance as any other computer. the   workload is very important. are you going to use it for word, excel   and email, are you going to use it for auto cad, or some web based   app? determine the hardware requirements for 1 user, multiply by   number of users and add 20-50% for future proofing is a good way to   determine what you need.    http://tomshardware.co.uk/forum/id-2852594/terminal-server-performance-cores-hyperthreading-mem-controllers-nehalem-westmere.html Cf http://superuser.com/questions/760618/choosing-processors-for-terminal-server   My understanding of how a Terminal Server works is the reason for why I wish to add a GPU in addition to a CPU. A Terminal Server has to its disposal an amount of computer power (CPU/GPU) which is pooled between the clients. All actual processing of data is done on the Terminal Server and the resulting data output is transferred to the client. For example, rendering an 3D -object to a bitmap representation which is transferred to the client. The client then simply displays the output if it has the resources. For example, If the client does not have HD support, it cannot playback a HD video; the server has to offer a lower resolution, for example by transcoding on the fly. Please correct me if I am wrong.   http://superuser.com/questions/836821/can-an-ltsp-server-use-a-gpu-for-client-rendering http://serverfault.com/questions/215316/is-having-a-high-end-video-card-important-on-a-server?newreg=6eae065071cf446e91ba24c2ceed3e7b   It seems that one exception would be RemoteFX, where the thin client can render graphics using the GPU on the [terminal] server, but as far as I can tell Linux does not support such technology?   http://github.com/neutrinolabs/xrdp   UPDATE 1  I have added a row at the end of the CPU comparison table above with the "CPU Mark" results from the "cpubenchmark" website.   http://servethehome.com/intel-xeon-e3-1240-v6-linux-benchmarks-review-first-kaby-lake-xeon-e3-cpu/   UPDATE 2  Selection #4 is for the moment abandoned for two reasons:   given my experience, and that it is "new technology", it may be prudent to wait until the market has saturated, it may be too powerful for my requirements; outbalancing the power consumption.   As of now, I am leaning towards selection #2  Reading some Xeon E3 reviews; the Xeon E3-1260Lv5 seems to provide a good trade-off between computation power and power usage.  I have found a most on-topic discussion worth quoting in length   http://forums.lime-technology.com/topic/52418-motherboardcpu-initial-unraid-server/      ... [I] want to start a NAS that allows me to re-use my bunch of 3 TB   drives (5) and offers great flexibility. This could be cheap and old   HW reuse, but I do want to put some load on the server as well...         Plex with 2-4 simultaneous Transcoding up to 1080p, no 4K in the foreseeable future of 3 years...   Some docker containers such as Plex, or some research VMs (No Gaming) for Linux/Win   Support for 10-14 Drives including parity, cache and SSDs (Docker, VM)   Headless would be nice as the box would not be at the desk.   less power consumption over high performance and high idle consumption.   system might idle 50-70% of the 24h      &nbsp;     ... CPU Passmarks [cpubenchmark] are your friend.  The rule of thumb   is 2,000 Passmarks per simultaneous 1080p stream in Plex when   transcoding is required.  Do you need transcoding?  If so, and leaving   some CPU for unRAID and Dockers, you'll need a 9,000 - 10,000 Passmark   CPU which is fairly high end - Core i7 or Xeon territory.   &nbsp;     ... E3 is a nice compromise of horsepower and lower power usage if you   don't really need all the cores and PCIex lanes of an E5, but you can   build a great server box with an E5 if you want to go that way.   &nbsp;     I think they both deliver as promised.  Note that the E3-1260L v5 is   designed for low power operation (TDP 45w), so it's inherently more   efficient than it's higher powered "cousin".  But most significantly   vis-à-vis their relative PassMark calculations -- the PassMark   benchmark is by nature CPU intensive ... and this is exactly when the   Intel CPU's will bump up the clock to their "turbo" frequencies to   gain maximum "horsepower".  Note that although the 1260L's base   frequency is only 2.9GHz (compared to a base frequency of 3.6GHz for   the 1275);  the Turbo frequency is 3.9GHz ... nearly equal to the   4.0GHz turbo frequency for the 1275.      When the PassMark performance test is run, clearly either CPU will   ramp up to Turbo speed -- thus the very close performance figures.    And the 1260L will do it more efficiently ... consuming a max of 45w   compared to 80w for the 1275.   &nbsp;     =>  Very similar performance (9629 vs 10067 PassMark ... favor of the 1260L)       =>  1260L much more power efficient (45w TDP vs 80w)    =>  1260L has a slightly higher turbo speed for single core; slightly lower when all cores are in turbo mode .. probably a wash    =>  As you've noted the 1230 is less expensive      Personally, I'd go for the 1260L, just for the better efficiency.    It'll run cooler; can ramp up to the same performance level while   drawing just over half the power; and in the great scheme of things a   50€ difference is really irrelevant.   UPDATE 3  When it comes to the GPU, it seems that I have to reconsider somethings.  According to the following. although from 2006,   http://forums.anandtech.com/threads/thin-clients-and-gpus.1964071/      Yes, video cards on either end won't matter, everything is rendered on the server and pumped over the network to the client so the client just gets a bitmap from the server. Just install VNC on a box and then connect to it with the VNC client to get an idea of what we're talking about, Citrix and RDP are both faster and more effecient than VNC but the idea is similar.    ...      The key points:      Server    CPU: Very important    LAN: Very important     GPU: Irrelevant      Client    CPU: Low importance     LAN: Moderate importance    GPU: Irrelevant   If this is correct, I need to reconsider the terminal/client allocation of tasks.  The alternative is to setup a "Virtualized GPU"   http://brianmadden.com/opinion/NVIDIA-AMD-and-Intel-How-they-do-their-GPU-virtualization http://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/PCI_passthrough_via_OVMF   In that case, I have consider a "Hypervisors" implementation for Linux.  In either case, I believe my answer is at the next stop: Super User :)
Below is a video of a paper scanner, that scans paper that has print on both sides.  See the very beginning of the video.  However, I am unable to figure out how to scan both sides of the paper using the scanner buttons themselves.  Does anyone know if this is controlled by the hardware or the software?  If so, how can this be done?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9aPTMRChNw
So I'm building a budget PfSense Router and I would very much like to simply use a USB flash drive instead of a hard drive (to save money). There are plenty of SATA (Device side) -> USB (PC Side) adapters, but are there any for USB (Device Side) -> SATA (PC Side). If not, are there any SATA "Flash drives" that are essentially USB Flash Drives with sata connectors. I know of the Supermicro SATA DOMs but is there anything more affordable?
Is there such a thing as a fully managed mini 2-port network switch?  I would like to move printers to a dedicated and isolated VLAN, but most of the printers don't have built-in VLAN support, and they are located in places where multiple walljacks are available so it may not be always plugged into a static assigned wall VLAN port correctly.  I would like to set the printers up with a tiny managed switch that will send them to the proper VLAN, and otherwise it just won't work if any of the cabling is mixed up by staff doing summer cleaning. The switch should have a way to detect the printer's MAC and refuse a connection if that MAC can't be found.
I'm looking for desktop/laptop to replace my current one. I have ~$800(based on laptop price) for budget. I like your suggestion on this matter.  My laptop choice is: Lenovo y520   i5 7300hq gtx1050 4gb(not ti) 1tb hdd 4gb ram(i'll upgrade this to either dual 12gb or single 8gb)   Price=~$745 Price+additional memory=~$820  Planned desktop spec:   i5 7400 gtx1050ti 4gb 1tb hdd 8gb ram cheapest motherboard cheapest psu with 80+ bronze ips led tv 32" for monitor (i choose tv because i like bigger screen and is cheaper, i won't budge on this) keyboard+mouse   Total price=~$770  I'll use this for gaming i play mostly jrpg and some western(?)rpg, i won't play witcher 3(i don't like the first one) but if this come into consideration at least i want current gen console quality detail @27-30fps and 1080p for more demanding games.  I also need this for college (programming, word processing, light image editing, etc). Depends on what i buy, i will also buy led tv for bigger display(laptop) or low-end laptop for my replacement(desktop) so if you recommend desktop please recommend me a good low-end laptop fo $250-300 also.  If you have a more powerful pc setup in the same price range please do suggest​, but the price here is usually $10-30 higher than msrp. I can't change the laptop choice though because this is the only one that fit my budget in my place. Thanks in advance.  Edit: I'm not rushing to buy the machine, so if there is an upcoming better solution that will fit my price range i'll gladly wait, the latest is maybe q2 next year because my current laptop physically sadden me. For the low-end laptop to accompany the desktop (if you recommend this) my top choice is acer switch one(for diversity, etc), if you have other recommendations i prefer something lightweight but still able to do light programming.
I will be attending university where my courses include working on AutoCAD 2016 3D, sketchup and Geographic information systems (GIS) softwares. there will  I want to buy a laptop that I could use during my university and hopefully professionally in the future. I am not looking for the bare minimum nor top of the line. I would like to invest around $1600 for it.  my main requirements are being able to work efficiently, weight under 5 lbs, good battery life    hope someone can help me with these questions - I did hear AutoCAD will not utilize more than one core as it is not a multi-thread application (is this true even if I will be doing 3D?) - I was told I would need a dedicated graphics card so is it necessary to go for the i7-xxxxHQ / HK etc or would a i7-xxxxU be better? the reason I ask this because I read that the higher end processors use up a lot of space for integrated graphics and plugging in a graphics card just nullifies all that. - the laptop I currently own is almost 10 yrs old so I need a new laptop. is it worth trying to invest in an expensive laptop to suit all my needs or should I just get a normal laptop for my personal use and invest in a desktop to use for these softwares?  i find that stores sales people just push a product they want to sell. so i was hoping someone here could suggest me a laptop / specifications that i could look into.  thanks
I have taken a look at A4 size e-ink ebook readers for pdf files.  I have found five models:   SONY DPT RP1 Good e-reader 13.3" Onyx Boox Max Carta Dasung Icarus A4   And there is Remarkable, but that is only 10" large.  They have quite the same price, around 700 $.  On what properties should I evaluate these models, if I want to read scientific books and research papers on them?
I'm currently using a Beaglebone Black as a multipurpose toolkit and I'm having trouble finding a replacement. The specs (that I use) are the following:   512 MB RAM (somewhat low for updates but it works) USB client (absolutely required for the gadget functionality) 4 GB onboard flash (somewhat low as the kernel sources and portage tree take up a large portion of it) MicroSD slot (only used for music, ISO files for mass storage/CD gadget, and storage for traffic dumps) Ethernet (ideally 2+ for bridging and logging traffic) USB (ideally 2+, used for Bluetooth or a second Ethernet adapter since the BBB (non-wireless) does not have either of those built in)   The other features (dual PRU, GPIO) have potential uses, but those are less important than the list items. Additional Ethernet can be added with more USB ports, but carrying the extra dongles along is a hassle. Built in wireless with a chipset that can be put into monitor mode would also be nice, but not if it replaces Ethernet. The nice thing about the BBB is I can use most of the features with just USB power from my laptop so I don't need to worry about a power source, I just can't find anything better that can replace it.
I need a new PC, because my old one, doesn't hold up for my use anymore. He's slow has a long loading time and crashes a lot...  I'll use it mainly for the following programmes: Maya, Nuke, Houdini, Cubase, Photoshop, Premiere, After effects, Sketchup, Remake, Zbrush, DaVince... Basically, the suites of the foundry, Autodesk, Adobe...  I don't want one with the minimum system requirements, but one that can run the above-mentioned software smoothly and can also do some simulations and render without crashing instantly.  It also should be able to output 3D, this is asked in my other question: What hardware is needed to output 3D?  My Current PC: Windows 7 8GB RAM Intel Core i7 870 @ 2.93 GHz 64bit NVIDIA GeForce GT 330  Would this be a suitable solution, or am I missing something or spending too much money on something I don't need?  https://pcpartpicker.com/list/ghd4sZ  My Budget is between $1500 and $2000.-
I am looking for a computer keyboard with the following three properties:   It is foldable (not the soft silicon rolling type keyboards, but hard material with folding joints) or extra-small, It can be connected wired with USB (or PS/2, there are adapters. Wireless is optional nice feature, but must not be the only way), It has an integrated mouse (trackpoint preferred, but other types also accepted).   I did a lot of search using the internet and some online stores, and only find keyboards which fullfill two of the three criteria, but not all three in one device.  Is there any device which fullfills the three criteria? Which?
I'm looking to purchase a PC to run my Minecraft server on. It needs 8GB of RAM and a decent processor. I'm not going to do much else with it, so I don't need a large HDD or an SSD.  Ideally, the price would be under £200, or even under £150 if possible. If there's a good PC with 4GB of RAM and another cheap 4GB stick, that would work too.  Thanks in advance.
So I'm doing a thesis and need to find the best sensor/wearable that has a open api so I can access the data, that measures gsr (galvanic skin response) and ppg (photoplethysmography).  I've seen a lot of bands but mostly discontinued (Microsoft band 2) and the e4 is really expensive (https://www.empatica.com/e4-wristband)  What do you recommend and why?  thanks in advance
I would like to set up a wireless audio set up for my home, i have 3 room in which i would like to have speakers so i could listen to music. I would like these speakers to be able to connect wirelessly to my pc and android phone. I will have power to supply the speakers.   All i could find are some bluetooth systems that could support a maximum of 2 speakers. But on one hand i need three and on the other hand my apartments walls are reinforced concrete so i don't think bluetooth is the way to go.
I am currently thinking about a new graphics card, for gaming, also for graphics. I am willing to spend around 500 bucks. I saw on alternate.de that some 1080s and 1070s are in a similar price range and I wanted to know what would be better, a cheaper 1080 model or a 1070 model in the same price range. For example those two:  https://m.alternate.de/mobile/details.xhtml?p=1330180&page=1&t=8406 https://m.alternate.de/mobile/details.xhtml?p=1280375&page=1&t=8406  The 1080 has some higher stats, especially more streaming processors. So I would assume that the 1080 is better. But other 1080s, which cost more are just slightly better, stat wise, so there has to be a reason why this one is cheaper than the others. Both have good reviews. The 1080 seems to be are bit louder, but that's not important to me. Overclocking is also not a priority.  So what do you say would be better?
I am trying to find a GPS wich uses an Android OS, but i am not finding any.  Are there any?   If yes what are the best GPS devices on the market operating on an Android OS?   Thanks
I want to setup my own router.  My requirements are:   Intel or AMD based Low power consumption min. 3x Gbit LAN + 1x GbitWAN Port Wifi (min. 802.11n) Optional: 4 SATA Ports for Backups   The hardware should be powerful enough to run an IPtables firewall, some smaller servers (XMPP, maybe Tor gateway, maybe VPN, small mail server, CUPS, ... but everything for only a few users)  The best would be probably something based on Intel Atom or on a mobile CPU. I already searched a bit and selected this hardware for now:   ASRock D1800M (SoC with Intel Celeron J1800) 4GB RAM Intel PRO/1000 PT, 4x 1000Base-T Gigabyte GC-WB867D-I Available in Germany   Unfortunately, it's with 160€ a bit over budget, and I didn't include power supply and case yet. The main problem is, that I have to buy the network hardware seperately and I can't find a good board with at least the wired LAN integrated. Sure, there are options like Banana Pi R1/R2, but the reading in the community board isn't giving me so much trust and it's not x86 hardware. Supermicro has some board which satisfy most of my requirements, but as server hardware it is quite expensive.  So I guess, there are a few people out there who have similar expectations and their hardware already realized!
This question is probably 20 years too late. I have a requirement where a bunch of analog phone lines will connect using dialup modem to my linux/windows server, in order to communicate. Just like we all did prior to broadband. This is for use in remote areas that don't have data connection. The termination on the server side will be ISDN E1. What is the modem hardware used by the ISPs to terminate the E1? I prefer not to demux the whole E1 into 30 analog lines and feed it to analog modems.  Will this work? https://www.dialogic.com/high-density-modems-e1-t1
I am looking for an industrial-grade device that would allow a customer at an unmanned fuel site to push a button that would send an email to the IT department, in the event that there is an error code on the dispenser. The connection would be made available by a hot spot that is being used to process transactions. Any ideas?  Thank you
I am looking for a computer monitor. I am a software developer so it will be displaying a static picture almost all the time. I don't play games or play very rarely so I don't care about this. Besides this: Internet, sometimes some movie.  I already had some reading so I have the following requirements:   ca. 24 in up to $500 but very happy to pay not more than $300 FullHD or WUXGA not TN or VA good viewing angle good black representation no bright too much and flicker-free-like function anti-glare or similar   The only candidate I have for now is  Eizo FS EV2455 but it would be very nice if it were a bit cheaper...
I've got my eyes set on the Ryzen 5 1600x cpu. I'd like to install it in 19' rack, using 1U space.   What chassis and mother board do you recommend? Will I need to purchase a separate cooler? I wont be installing GPU, and 220W PSU is probably all I need. Budget is $500, but cheeper is preferred.
I use the AltGr key quite a lot and it hurts sometimes when I use it frequently. I think the spacebar is way to big. I understand that it should be easy to reach but you would have no problem using a spacebar that was 1/2 - 3/4 the normal size. I'm looking for a laptop where the spacebar is smaller so that the modifier keys are easier to access. I would also be interested in other keyboard layouts that makes modifier keys easier to use.
In the US I was able to buy a Tracfone for $20 (4G Android) - it's locked to the mobile carrier.  I would like to buy some super cheap 4G Android phone in the UK, preferably that is unlocked.  I'm talking about £20 territory, not £120 territory. Phone that will be used for projects, not for daily usage.
I have the following hardware configuration:  PSU: Corsair HX1200i CPU: Inter Core i7-6800K 3.4 MHz GPU: NVIDIA GTX 1080Ti (Pascal) RAM: Corsair Vengeance (DDR4) 32GB, 2666MHz SSD: M.2 Samsung 960 500 GB Motherboard: ASUS SABERTOOTH X99   And, I wonder, would it be simple to extend this system with 1 extra 1080Ti GPU?   As I know, the motherboard should be capable to provide x16 lanes for both GPUs. Though probably I'll need another PSU, and I am not sure about CPU.
I'm quite new to pc building. I'd like to seek advises about building a computer which can support up to 3 or 4 monitors, and as cheap as possible. I went to few pc shops, some recommend me to get GTX 1050ti while others recommend me to get GTX1060. So i'm confused now.   Purpose of the computer  - Screen 1 for main screen controls (Monitor)  - Screen 2 to display videos or image etc (Projector)  - Screen 3 to display theme text or title (Monitor)  - Screen 4 backup  (Monitor) All displays will be in HD (1080).   Requirement  - Build based on Intel Processor  - Both Nvidia and AMD graphic are acceptable as long as it can support the function mentioned above (as well as other parts; Motherboard, ram etc.)  Please let me know if you need further details.
I have a big desktop that needs to stay in a room next door to mine. Not that far but of course I cannot run a monitor cable from the desktop to my desk. So my question is simple:  Is there any technology that allows me to wireless connect my computer monitor to my away desktop? Something link bluetooth.  I know there are bluetooth keyboard and mouse. The other problem is: I already have a monitor so it would have to be some kind of adapter to stream the display signal from my away desktop to my desk monitor.  Does that exist?
Are there any device that exist that can completely block any loud noise in public places? I intend to use it in public places (i.e. coffee shop, park, bar) so I can work with little or without any distraction. Noise can range from people talking, cars driving by to jackhammer that is used in a nearby construction. I've considered anti noise ear plugs, noise isolation earphones and noise cancelling headphones but just seem to just lessen the noise but not completely block it. Are there any viable solution that exist?
Part of a project I want to scan the GSM signal on a specific surface with an iPhone (specifically iPhone SE). I consider that a drone could do that.  What would be the best drone for this operation: to lift an iPhone SE as high as possible (about 30 meters would be fine)?  Is there any drone which is lighter than 500 grams and would be able to do what I want (I'd prefer <0.5Kg, because the legal stuff would be simpler)?  Is there any better device than a drone to scan the GSM signal in different points of my garden (different heights too)?
I am doing some project in which we need to convert HDMI IN to Ethernet and Ethernet to HDMI OUT. Please suggest any ic or any way by which I can implement this?
I am looking for a switch which has at least one port at the back and some 4-5 ports at the front. Most switches I found either had all ports in the back, with leds on the front.  The other ones had all ports at the front with power being the only thing that is on the backside.  1 Gbps would be idea.  I found this switch, but for some unknown reason they have the power connector at the side and only 100 Mbps ports.
I’m looking for a router that can create a new wifi-network “B with its own SSID and password but the router gains its internet access by connecting to another existing wifi-network “A simultaneously.  The reason for this is because we don’t want to hand out the password to network “A, and network “B won’t be online at all times.  Other than that the router should be able to handle at least 50 connected client devices at any time (but they all won’t be downloading stuff simultaneously, only be connected to the router). Also its 5 GHz coverage should have good range.  Could you give me preferably many product recommendations? And what is the capability that I described first called?
My friend wanted to replace the cheapo router from Verizon with a good one she had previously bought, asked me to look at it for her. Turns out though, the ones from Verizon are all wired in to the modem via coaxial cable, whereas her good router is a standard CAT5 wire in.   Does anyone have any experience with coax-to-CAT5 converters, and could recommend brands and/or models that might be good, or ones that should be avoided?  Thanks!
I need a way to switch between my gaming computer and my work laptop but still be able to use both my monitors and wireless keyboard/mouse. Does anyone have any suggestions on a KVM switcher for this?
For work, I professionally edit videos. Right now I am using a Mac Book Pro, but I find it very slow and it's not fitting my workflow anymore.  My idea is to change my hardware and buy a Windows desktop.   What I need basically is a machine that will allow me to work on graphics and video editing. My computer needs to be fast in the rendering operations, analyze my video frame by frame and to compose it back.  I am working on raw files CinemaDNG (lossless formats), and I need a pc that can manage this huge amount of data. Each frame size is from 15 to 20 mega and we have 25 fps.   If it's possible, I would like to spend less than 2000 euros and I am mostly using AdobePremiere, Adobe After Effects and DavinciResolve  What computer will fit my needs right now?
I already googled bit around but didn't find something that really fits my expectations... My budget is around $100 and my requirements would be   USB 3.0 Port(s) Gigabit Ethernet (min) SSD and / or microSD slot at least 1 GB RAM    and would be mainly used for    Media Server / LMS Owncloud Internal Website   Do you know any single-board computers that would fit these requirements?  I'm confused why the most recent versions of Raspberry Pi and similars only have 512 MB of RAM. Is that really enough??
It's my birthday coming up and I'm hoping for some money to put towards my gaming pc build. The parts of the build that are important to my question are: i5 2500 + any eBay 1155 mobo 8gb ddr3 (4gb now an extra 4gb later) GTX 1050ti 4gb  Right now I'm on a Pentium D (one of the higher clocked ones not that it matters) and a quadro fx1700 (modern Intel HD are better) with 4gb ram.   So my question is this, the CPU and mobo with a new PSU and 4gb ram would be £150 roughly (I have a case and hard drive) and the 1050ti would be the same price. Would I get more performance gain by getting everything but the GPU now or by putting the GPU with my Pentium D? Eventually I'll have the i5 paired with the 1050ti but I can't afford it all at once.  Thanks
I am trying to find a KVM matrix switch to switch two computers with two monitors each between two sets of monitors and keyboards. This should be controllable by software. It should also be possible to control one PC from both sets of mouse and keyboard if possible. Display port or hdmi would be an option.  Any suggestions? I only find huge devices which are overpriced for this application or video signal switching only.  Something like this:
I am looking at doing a NAS build with Ryzen 3 or 5.  I read that Ryzen supports ECC if the motherboard supports it.  Do any ECC Ryzen Motherboards exist?  According to PC Part Picker, no boards with ECC support exist.
I hope this isn't a silly question.  I've set my sights on a Lenovo ThinkPad E570. If you click "Configure" on that link, you'll see that you can choose various options for the hard drive. I want a traditional hard disk drive for my data, as well as an SSD for the operating system. This is an allowed option on Lenovo's website, but:   I don't know if I want the SSD now, or whether I can wait to buy one later. I don't know if I can buy an SSD at a cheaper price ($200 AUD from Lenovo for a 120GB SSD seems steep).   I'm not up to speed on SSD technology, and Lenovo sales were unhelpful in providing an adequate answer, so what type of SSD do I need? The first option on the site says "SATA3" while the second days "PCIe-NVME OPAL2".  Non-essential Background Information  A year ago I switched from macOS on a MacBook Pro to Fedora Linux. Running Linux directly on my Apple hardware proved difficult due to the dual graphics (I was unable to turn off the discrete graphics chip, which caused excessive heat and poor battery performance), so I've been running Linux in a Virtual Machine. However, it's now time for me to take the final step, sell my old MacBook Pro and purchase a Linux-friendly laptop, and most people highly recommend the ThinkPad range.
I have desktop computer with Asus WiFi PCI card: PCE N10.  It loads Web pages much slower than other computers in my apartment, probably because it is placed on the floor under the desk, with WiFi antenna on the back directed to a metal radiator.  The current antenna can be detached from the WiFi card.   I am looking for a 2.4GHz antenna that:   can be connected to the existing card has a cable, so it can be placed above the desk while the PC remains under boosts WiFi signal maximally costs less than 40$
My PC is i5-6600K, Gigabyte G1 GTX1070, 16Gb RAM.  At the moment I use two monitors - Dell U2414H for gaming and coding and old Samsung BX2035 for Internet browsing.  I want to buy 144Hz monitor for games and right now Im choosing within Asus PG248Q, Asus PG279Q, Dell S2417DG, Dell S2716DG and AOC AGON AG271QG. Of course Asus PG279Q is the best, but I have to buy it from computeruniverse.com due to hight price in my country so this option has its drawbacks.  The new monitor should become the main one, and U2414H should be used for Internet surfing.  In general, I want to get advice on which monitor is better in the described situation, and also I have a few questions:   Is TN really worse than IPS? I always sit in a lighted room and look at the monitor straight so bleeding is not a problem. Is 1440p good for 24"? Will not the text be too small? And if I increase the scale, will there be blurrs due to interpolation? Is 1440p 144Hz good with GTX1070? And will it be good in the next 2-3 years?   Actually I rarely play in competitve FPS, maybe I do not need 144Hz at all? As an example of the games I play: World of Warcraft, Dota 2, Starcraft 2, Civilization 6, Fallout 4, Tomb Rider etc.  I will be glad to any advice or links to articles.
I have an Aorus X5-MD gaming laptop (Aorus is the gaming division of Gigabyte, and appears to share some hardware, including the power system.) which has an input power specification of 19.5VDC 10.5A, or 200W.  I would like to extend this laptop's battery life - at present I get perhaps two hours, but I'd like at least four.  I'm looking for a slim and relatively inexpensive power bank that can supply the necessary current - the voltage doesn't seem to be a problem these days, but 10.5A would likely burn out most if not all typical power banks, most of the highest capacity power banks seem to have a maximum current of 4-5A.  I'd like something that I can put in my backpack and lug around, so relatively flat would be good.  Alternatively, if there was any way of using several lower-power-capacity power banks connected in parallel in such a way that they didn't feed back into one-another and burn out/explode, I'd consider that too.  If the only option is a power bank with mains AC output, it'd have to be Australian 240V 50Hz true sine-wave output(so I can use it for other things), at 300W to allow for conversion losses.
I'm about to embark on my 1st self build and want to spec a machine for general home use to include for general office duties, hobby photo editing using elements, organising my music collection and perhaps some light gaming. I had been planning to use a Kaby Lake i5 processor but I wonder if my needs, and some better degree of longevity would be better served by using a Coffee Lake i3 chip? I can't stretch to a Coffee Lake i5.
I'm looking for a new laptop, mainly for fullstack software development. What (I think) I need:   Linux (Debian-based, probably Ubuntu or a fork) Core i7+ 16GB+ SSD 256GB+ 14"/15"   What I don't really care about:   Nice-looking laptop Powerful graphic card   I don't have a limited budget, but of course looking for the best value for money. I just want to be comfortable with having multiple DBMS/IDE/browsers/processes running at the same time.  I can find some nice laptops with Linux preinstalled (e.g. by Dell or System76), but they are usually quite expensive ($1,000+). On the other hands, some cheaper laptops seem to fulfill these constraints, but have Windows installed by default. I am concerned about driver issues if I buy a Windows laptop, so laptops running Windows must run Linux without issue. Plus, I already have a Windows laptop, so I won't need a dual-boot on the new one.
I need a monitor for programming, and light gaming. With a price at about 250 euros which is ~290$. My requirements are:  -23.8"-25"  -1080p/1200p  -very thin bezels  I'm deciding between Dell S2415 and Dell U2414H. I would like if you would tell me any other monitors that fit those requirements or help me decide between those 2.
I have just started a PhD for which I will also analyze LIDAR data. Our IT guy has asked me what kind of monitor I would like, with the following options:  24 inch Full HD + small SD monitor.  27 inch Full HD.  27 inch 2540x1440 monitor.  The laptop I'll be using this with is a Lenovo T470P with i7-7770HQ and 16 GB RAM.  Do you guys think it will be worth it to have the higher resolution monitor for my LIDAR data or is it not necessary and would a Full HD monitor by sufficient as well?   I don't want him to spend all his budget on me if it is not necessary. On the other hand, I also don't want to be limited by my monitor in my analysis, and this is more important for me.  I will be plotting points on the LIDAR imagery and might also do some arcgis tasks, although at this point it is difficult to state what exactly I will be doing (just started this week and have mostly been doing admin). An important point to note is that I can use my laptop as a second monitor and so the extra SD monitor would be the third monitor.
ISP at my home is shaky. Both are unreliable.  I wonder if there is a way to have a router that can use 2 ISPs.  If one ISP is down the router will simply access the internet from the second ISP.  An automatic solution is preferred
I am to purchase RAM for my newly purchased   ASUS P10S-M WS/IPMI-O that supports 4 x DIMM, Max. 64GB, DDR4 2400/2133 MHz ECC, Non-ECC, Un-buffered Memory Dual Channel Memory Architecture and Intel® Xeon® Processor E3-1260L v5 that supports 64 GB DDR4-1866/2133, DDR3L-1333/1600 @ 1.35V ECC   I want to max out the memory to 64GB and planned to puchase four    16GB ECC unbuffered/UNB/UDIMM RAM.   The memory I am interested in is    Samsung 288pin DDR4 Unbuffered DIMM based on 16Gb (M391A2K43BB1)   The question is whether the SAMSUNG memory is compatible with the ASUS motherboard.  Samsung's Support > Tools & Utilities > Board Compatibility is not helpful, and strangely does not even list DDR4 memory.  The QVL (Qualified Vendor List) for memory from ASUS does not list M391A2K43BB1-CPB.  Two other Samsung memories are however listed 16GB DDR4-2400 Non-ECC/UNB and  8GB DDR4-2133 ECC/UNB CL15; the first not fit for the CPU, and the second will only max out to 32GB.  The only two vendors that are on the list with an acceptable memory specification 16GB DDR4-2133 ECC/UNB CL15 are INNODISK and Skhynix. Neither of which are available to me for purchase.  I found however that the QVL for memory for the ASUS P10S-M motherboard lists the Samsung M391A2K43BB1-CPB.  I noticed that the memory chip for the listed Samsung M391A2K43BB1-CPB is the same memory chip listed for the INNODISK memory chip; Samsung K4A8G085WB-BCPB.     There are multiple memory companies on the market, but only a few true memory manufacturing companies. When researching different memory brands, you may run across companies that claim to be memory manufacturers, when they're really just module assemblers. How these companies work is that they purchase pre-manufactured parts (such as DRAM chips and printed circuit board) from true memory manufacturers, and then assemble these components to “manufacture a module with their label on it.    The truth about memory manufacturers   If I understand correctly, the listed P10S-M WS/IPM-O INNODB M4CR-AGS1MC0G-BE93 is actually more or less the same memory as Samsung M391A2K43BB1-CPB?  Even if they would differ for some reason, I am having a very difficult time to accept that the M391A2K43BB1-CPB -- or really any other memory -- will be incompatible with the motherboard save for some edge cases, such as incorrect manufacturing or assembling.  As this is my first build it would be assuring if someone could confirm my conclusion.
I want to buy an SSD for the specified reasons, and reliability and price are the most important for me. I want to do/learn C++ programming and get to know Linux in a deeper level. My budget would be 155 USD at most.
I'm looking for a 1080P capable projector that is also a PC (built-in).  Instead of dedicating a separate computer (to always be hooked up to a projector in the meeting room), it would be nice if I could find a projector that could do remote desktop connections (RDP) to various computers on our LAN, without being hooked up to a separate PC.  This would allow each presenter to present from their own workstation from within the meeting-room, and if the projector is wifi capable, the only cable needed (to be plugged into the projector) is the power cable alone.  It would be even extra cool if I could install Ubuntu Linux 16.04.3 as the operating system and use Remmina Remote Desktop Client to facilitate the RDP connections to the various workstations.  Any recommendations?
I am planning to buy a new monitor, QHD resolution (1440p) and 60Hz, for a desktop computer. Ideally, it should also be possible to use the same display with a couple of laptops: A late 2016 XPS 13 (9360) and a late 2016 MacBook pro, both of which have Thunderbolt 3 ports. I am ok with connecting and disconnecting a cable or two when changing the display from desktop to laptop and back, if needed.  I have found Thunderbolt 3 docking stations that solve the connectivity issue for the laptops, but these are expensive (over 200 euros). I have also found Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C to HDMI adapters, but these seem to be unable to drive a QHD display at 60Hz. I have not found any Thunderbolt 3 or USB-C to Displayport adapters -- do they exist?  What are my options for connecting the laptops without degrading the resolution or refresh rate for the monitor? Keep in mind that I have not chosen a monitor yet, so if specific connectors on the monitor are helpful, that may be possible to achieve.  EDIT: Corrected XPS 13 version.
A UK-based friend has asked my to recommend a single access control system for a members club/bar* with a single door. (* despite the "home-security" tag).  [Update] he now tells me that it should control two doors.   There is an existing system with RFID card based entry, but the suppliers are now asking for GBP 20 for each new card. (I will ask them to try a few different cards which I supply; unless there is a range of acceptable numbers, that should work).  Budget: as cheap as possible, max "a few hundred GBP".  Must have:    card based entry easily installed easily administered by non-tech people (we can assume average Windows/Android knowledge)  uses cheap, easily obtainable RFID cards   Nice to have:     fingerprint based entry possibly face recognition? If so, optional on a per-member basis, as should be fingerprinting   As I understand it, the current system requires a PC (windows 95 based is currently being used :-), but I see no reason that the new one should have to, unless this makes it easier for the users (club secretary/committee members). It might also add expense if a Widows 10 PC must be purchased (and I don't know what legacy software they might be running on that Windows 95 PC).  Only entry is required, no time-keeping, or even record keeping, but such an over-spec'ed system is acceptable if extra features don't get in the way of "the door should open to members and to no one else".  I suppose that they would have to fit a new lock to the door?  I can look around AliExpress, but would prefer a recommendation, preferably from someone with experience of this sort of thing.
I am looking for an SDHC for my Wii.  Nintendo's site suggests that any SDHC up to 32 GB should (but is not guaranteed to) work, while other sources imply that the file format matters if you want to use the SD card out of the box without modifying it, which is what I want to do.  Do all SDHC cards of size 32 GB or less use a FAT/FAT32 file format? I was looking at this one, as it appears to be the fastest 32 GB card available (that I could find, at least). Would this card work out of the box?
I do software and know nothing of the arcane ways of screwdrivers, soldering irons and such like.  I see things like this ZhiYuSun 17" 4 wire resistive USB touch panel overlay kit    Can I just attach this to my laptop screen and simply plug in the USB? I suspect not - would it not need device drivers?  So, my question is, is there anything which I can attach to my 17" Windows laptop to convert it to touchscreen, without the need for any complicated setup?
I'm looking for a software programmable DSP embedded platform that is relatively cheap, and can be used for capturing and driving speakers at least on the 60-70 kHz frequency.  Any suggestions?
My surface pro usb died. Microsoft says I have to replace. I don’t want to buy a new one.  Is there any device that connects with the Bluetooth of the laptop and act as an input for usb device?  I desperately need to connect usb devices to my pro. The surface dock has usb, but at $200, it is overpriced.   Thanks for any other suggestions.
My office is buying photocopy machine and we are stuck between the printing technology which is making it difficult to choose one.  canon imagerunner 2520 has Laser Dry Electrostatic Transfer System   Toshiba Studio 2309A has Indirect Electrostatic photographic  Taskalfa 2200 has laser mono component  we are having a very hard time figuring out the difference in these technologies. I have search through the web but didn't find any expalnations. `
I have a Pixel 2 XL preordered which is intended to be a development and testing workhorse which will be connected to all sorts of devices in vehicles, at desks, in the field.  I need a dock for it.  All of the ports I need are included in devices like this dock.  USB 3.1 Type C gen2, Gigabit ethernet, SD card slot, 2 or more USB 3.0 ports, HDMI, PD pass thru charging.  The problem with this product is that I do not want to carry it around plugged into my phone dangling from the USB port.  The dock and phone need to join to be carried as a single brick.  I need either  a) a dock with these features specifically designed to cradle the Pixel 2 XL body, not just its USB port.  Also, add a 3.5mm audio jack to the list of ports.  or  b) a dumb Pixel 2 XL cradle which I can attach to the above or similar dock with epoxy.  Once mounted and plugged in, I would then mold sugru around the USB cord and allow it to cure.  This should result in a DIY equivalent to a).  Has anyone seen or heard of either of these?  If not, chances are this will get someone started developing one.
I am looking for an Android device that has a display that can be easily viewed in direct bright sunlight.  I have tried several high-end cell phones, and they are all challenging to read in bright sunlight.  Might need something with a reflective display.   The screen size needs to be at least 12.5cm (5"), and can be up to 30cm (12").  Prefer something around 20cm (8"). Prefer a color screen, but black and white is acceptable. The device must have a GPS. Lower cost is strongly preferred, although I do not have a specific budget in mind. The Android version that it runs needs to be KitKat or later. Water resistance is a big plus.  Will be used outdoors. Brand does not matter. Does not need to have telephone function (can be a phone or a tablet).
Are there any large 4K TVs on the market which have DisplayPort ports? A quick Google search for this does not turn up many results. I found that many people have said that HDMI is the standard for TVs and nobody wants DisplayPort or USB Type-C. However, I definitely do want this feature.  Rather than debating whether it's in demand or not, I would like to know: Are there any available?
I'm looking for a new KVM box for my server room. I have 3 server connected through a KVM box with PS2 + VGA wires. I want to move monitor, keyboard and mouse 7mt far from server rack then I would like to know if exists something like a KVM with only USB3 cable and using ethernet protocol. With this I will easily cover the distance with a CAT6 cable. But I don't know if it exists.
What's a very good Power Supply Unit for this PC computer I want together built meant for Blender Cycles rendering? I have a few components but need 3 more.  The three components are: the MSI X399 board, the AMD Ryzen Threadripper 1950X and an EVGA GTX1080Ti FTW3.  Thus the requirements in a PSU are:   Needs to support the above components. Should be able to deal with an additional 1080Ti Needs to be ATX form-factor Should be relieable and not (completely) inefficient
I need a really good large RAM for a PC I want to get built meant to render Blender Cycles.  Requirements:   Compatibility with the MSI X399 board. Compatibility with the (non-OC'ed) AMD Ryzen Threadripper 1950X. No more than 4 modules with a combined capacity of 32GB. Price preferably 300 USD or lower
This is a follow up for a previous question to build a high performance rendering PC. This PC will be running Windows.  Requirements:   Supported by the AMD Ryzen Threadripper 1950X running on the MSI X399 motherboard Storage should be sufficient for both archived and working projects Maximum budget of 500 USD
I search a small printer+scanner device for Ubuntu.  Which device has very good support for Ubuntu?   I want plug+play, I don't want to edit config files by hand or execute complicated shell commands to get it working.  Required features:   LAN (optional WLAN) access Printing (A4 size is enough) Scanning Black/White printing is enough - Color is not needed Size: Not much bigger than 40cm x 40cm x 30xm   Boring background:  I have Brother DCP-7055W. The hardware is great: Scanner and Printer in one device and small. Perfect match. Except: Installing the drivers is a pain.  After upgrading to Ubuntu 17.04 the scanner does not work any more.  I want to buy a new device instead of investigating how to get it working. I loved fixing errors like this in the past. But now I have wife, family and other hobbies.
Is there any hard drive which can be controlled by two different interfaces at the same time? E.g. two USB ports, or one USB and one SATA, or one USB and one LAN/NAS?
[This may be the wrong SE site for this question. Apologies if it is: it seems the best fit.]  I have ongoing problems with WiFi connectivity in my house. Due to a combination of factors, my router sits at probably the least convenient spot in the entire building and it's hard to see how it could go elsewhere.   We're using the default free router that came with the network, and I'd prefer not to change it. Good routers seem very expensive. And, after a bad experience trying to borrow a better router to see if improved things, I don't really want the hassle.  I understand that there are a variety of devices that can help with this. For maximum convenience, however, I want something that will extend the range of the same network. We use mobile devices a lot, and wandering around with one switching between networks based on strength is problematic.  I understood that the way to do this was to get a "range extender" as opposed to a repeater or power line adapter, which create new network names you can feed off. To this end I got a D-Link 1320. However, when I plugged it in, it created a new network with a new network name. Trialing it proved as problematic as I expected and we soon turned it off.  The question then is: first, is it possible to get a device that increases the range of the same network and doesn't do so by creating a new network name for devices to log on to? Second, if so, will my D-Link 1320 do this? Third, if not, what device can you recommend that will?
I am a programmer and next week I will start working from home.  My desk will be shared by my work computer, my desktop, and my personal laptop sometimes.    I am considering the Samsung S27E330.  I haven't seen many recent laptops without both VGA and HDMI, so the work laptop should be fine to plug in.  The desktop has HDMI and DVI, so I can get it to work pretty well.    Will the monitor being a "gaming" monitor cause any problems with performance or quality while working?  I would be using Visual Studio, SSMS, and SSRS when working from home.  I may also setup as dualscreen with my old monitor from time to time.  My desktop has an ATI HD7700.  I use this computer for gaming and photo editing. My personal laptop is a Lenovo W520 with the two cards. Used for work, internet. I haven't gotten my work laptop yet, but I imagine it will be pretty new.
In next months i am thinking about upgrade my pc workstation.  I am thinking about 2 models:   intel i7 8700k: less cores but better performance by one core amd ryzen 1800x: more core but less performance by one core.   Well, question is which cpu is better for heavy IDE (Visual Studio) ?   I am not aiming for speed up build time, but speed up overall IDE responsivity. (Lot of projects with resharper plugin installed for example)  Thanks for advice
So, I asked this question on IoT, and I'm here for something like that.   Basically, I need a small and thin GPS transmitter that is easily concealable between layers of cloth. There will be little to no mobile network, so something that stores data and sends it when networks are available would be preferable.   However, in addition to tracking, it is imperative that the device NOT be discovered. It must be concealed between layers of cloth, so it must be thin.
What I'm looking for is something that will allow my to charge and access the USB-C port at the same time. Something that only does that would be ideal but a full USB hub that will also charge my phone is good too. The problem being that using USB OTG or even headphone now that manufacturers have apparently decided to do away with 3.5mm jacks can't be done while charging without something like this.
I did some digging around that topic, but can't really find straight forward answer for this question. My background: I'm going to spend some time in hotel. I would like to hook up to hotel's wi fi with some kind of device (so WAN over wi fi) and create separate network just for myself in the room, available over wi fi as well.  Is there any device which could do this? I've read about bridges and access points, however I'm still not sure if they will do the trick.
What options do I have if I need a router which can   Run a DHCPv6 client on its WAN port to request a delegated prefix (in the range /48 to /60). Run a DHCPv6 server on the LAN and hand out subnets of the prefix it received from the WAN (sub-delegations in the range /52 to /62).   Other nice to have features which are not strict requirements:   Can forward small packets at 1Gbit/s wirespeed on all ports Multiple LAN ports that can be configured as separate IP segments Can provide the CLAT side of 464XLAT in order to support legacy devices connected to the LAN (as described in RFC 6877 section 6.5) Can advertise its own DNS cache as primary DNS server and DNS servers advertised from the WAN as fallback.
does anyone have any experience of using USB temperature & humidity sensors under Linux? I suspect we may have a damp problem and I want to assess the level of humidity in various rooms in my house over 24-48h so I can work out if there's a real problem.   Data analysis isn't a problem as long as I can load it up into a pandas DataFrame in Python I'm not looking for something that needs to be plugged into a running computer but that will record on battery power and then upload logged data when plugged in  The ideal would be something available in the UK   So, for example, I've found this, which claims:     "After a data log has been captured and stored, it can be uploaded as a .txt file to any PC running the Windows® XP/7 or 8 operating system after plugging the data logger into one of the computer's USB ports"   But there's no indication of the actual upload mechanism and whether it requires a special client that's Windows-only or whether it just uses generic USB mass storage. I could use wine, but don't know if their software would be compatible.  Can anyone recommend a decent quality thermometer/hygrometer that works well (or has know workarounds) under Linux?
I previously posted this on Stack Overflow but moved the post here because I feel this forum is more relevant.  I am looking for some kind of hardware that I can buy that has multiple Bluetooth radios, which would allow me to simultaneously connect to multiple Bluetooth-enabled devices. I also need the device to be programmable in a mainstream language like Java or C, so that I can write my own software onto it. However, low-level languages that are easy to learn are also acceptable.  The reason I am looking for this is that I want to create a sort of "hub" for multiple Bluetooth devices, but I do not want to use a pre-made router that has its own packaging (don't want to pay for the extra garbage) and I don't want to have to forcefully update its firmware to edit the software.  I have heard of the raspberry pi, but I don't know if this would be a suitable device to use for multiple connections. Any suggestions, please?
I have one DELL 3415W right now as my off screen (which the graphics card lower framerate on to 30hz or something to be able to use it) and an old 1920x1080 screen which it can only run as high as 60hz (this is what I want to change to another 4k... maybe the same as my off screen). I think my power supply is big (1KW).  I run windows 10 on an Intel Core i7 CPU X 990 3.47GHz with two SCSI disc (256GB SSD + 1.8TB HD). I wan't to upgrade my GTX 580 graphics card so it can handle 2 4k screens at the same time, but can I do this?  If yes, what would be a good choice? I am a hardware noob so let me know if anything else is needed to answer the question.
I bought a laptop (ASUS VivoBook Pro 15 N580VD) that comes with a USB type C 3.1 GEN 1 port, that is also a displayport port (little DP icon - like the one in this picture)  I would like to buy a hub with an ethernet port, (at least) 2 displayports/HDMIs, at least one USB type A and at least one USB type c port. I am concerned that a hub like this won't work since the laptop has a gen 1 port.   What USB 3.1 Gen 1 hubs would work for my laptop?
So, now I have HAF X case, ASUS Rampage IV, and a 1080Ti video card.  All fine and well, except I can't fit the video card into the second x16 PCI slot because of the case back panel hinge. So I need another computer case, however, I don't know which to buy: it seems impossible to say in advance if a case would fit all the hardware. All the "large" cases I was able to find are basically the same size as HAF X.  So the question is -- are there substantially larger computer cases in the market? If yes, how do I find them?
I'm looking for a high speed pen drive (not sure about terminology - USB stick?) with USB Type C connector and at least USB 3.1 Gen1 speed.   I have found a SanDisk one but it says up to 130MB/s transfer speed and 3.1 speed while the SanDisk Extreme Pro with Type A connector and 3.0 speed says up to 430MB/s transfer speed.  Any suggestion?
I am looking for a Threadripper-capable X399 motherboard for a video editing computer. I am looking specifically at two features, which I'm not clear whether they have or not:  1) I need to install a x16 graphics card, AND a Blackmagic video capture/playout card (https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products) which requires a PCI Express 2.0 4x slot. Can I put the 4x capture card in one of the x16 lanes and have everything working at full speed? (i.e.: the graphics card working at x16, the capture card at x4...). And if I add in the future a second graphics card, can the motherboard accommodate all 3 cards at their full speeds? (the graphics cards at x16 and the capture card at x4).  2) All the motherboards I've seen support RAID using the onboard controller. But let's say I install 3 HDs, and I plan to leave one as stand alone (for documents and "regular" files) and set the other two as a RAID-0. Can any motherboard do that? (i.e.: set up a RAID array with only some of the existing drives, not all of them).  Thanks.
I have a laptop that has an HDMI input (just 1). I also have a desktop which has 3 DP and 1 HDMI. Currently, I'm using converters from DP to HDMI as my monitors have problems with DP for some reason. All in all, I can use HDMI everywhere. I have my desktop filled up with all 4 ports. 3 DP ports (converted to HDMI) are connected to my monitors and 1 (HDMI) is connected to my HTC Vive. Now I do a lot of my gaming on the desktop and that is the main purpose, so I would like not to sacrifice performance by using some hardware that will add latency. As for laptop its here for web development, however, I find myself when developing having a need for more than 1 screen. I also like my desktop keyboard and mouse a lot better than my laptop components.  I would like to avoid having to unplug things from my desktop to hook up my monitors and keyboard. But even then, my laptop only has 1 HDMI spot where desktop has 4. Please also keep in mind the laptop has a dedicated GTX960 card so I am hoping it can handle 3 monitors, or even 2 will do just fine.  What I want to do is basically be able to start using my laptop and "switch" my monitors to display the laptop input. Can I accomplish this somehow? I was looking into KVM Switches but I look at the hardware I don't see how I can hook up more than one monitor. Maybe I'm looking at bad examples.  I'm not that familiar with KVM switches or for that matter any hardware that can help me accomplish this, so if you can provide me with some basic setup steps of how I would accomplish this using any hardware you can think of, I would greatly appreciate it.  As for budget, I'd like to keep it under $250 but if its more than that I will consider it.
I'm looking for a monitor to do photo editing on Linux. I have been really impressed by the Apple iMac 5k displays: the display is really sharp and the colors are really amazing. Obviously, I won't switch to a Mac because of this: I have other constraints (namely, my freedom). So I wonder if I should take the leap into the 4k world. I'm concerned about my computer (an Intel NUC BOXNUC6I3SYH) not being fast enough to drive such a display. I'm also concern about everything looking too small because of 4k support missing from my distro (Debian GNU/Linux "stretch", running under Xmonad).  I'm especially wondering about the color gamut: it seems that most monitors do not care about giving you a full Adobe RGB coverage. Maybe I don't understand this correctly, but it seems it would be better to have 100% Adobe RGB than 100% sRGB color space, although I must admit I am mostly working with sRGB these days. Should I care?  Otherwise my specs are fairly modest: I have a HP L2245wg, a 22" display that's serving me well. I like the rotative feature, but I could live without that swivel, especially since there doesn't seem to be a way to auto-rotate the display.  Thanks for any recommendation.
I currently have a laptop with a display I would describe as "glossy". When the screen is dark you can perfectly see your mirror image. Unfortunately this is often very inconvenient because bad lighting immediately makes the screen unusable. That's why I would like to avoid this for my next purchase.  Can you please tell me what these kinds of matt displays are called so I can properly search for it?
For a server aimed to centralize the documents of a 10-people team, which kind of media would you advise to have a system that is both responsive and reliable? I want the server not hanging and that when opening documents users have the same impression as if those were stored on their own desktop.  I see the following benefits and drawbacks:  A) PCIe SSD   fastest transfer rates very pricey   B) SATA SSD   fast (but not as much as PCIe however) existing models for datacenters could be used in RAID 1 for full redundancy limited capacity   C) HDD with large buffer   low cost available in large capacities could be used in RAID 1 (or in RAID 1+0 to increase transfer speeds) slower than SSD   Having two datacenter-grade SSD (Intel DC S3500 480 GB), I was planning using either only one of them, or both in RAID 1. Would it be a good choice for a small-business server?  Assuming that archives would be stored on larger hard drives, I plan using the SSD for the OS.  Is there a way to capitalize on the free remaining space of SSD as some kind of buffer, in the same spirit as how SSHD (hybrid drives) work?
We have an auditorium used for classes.  The classes are given in English.  We have several international students who speak English, but have trouble keeping up with the pace of a lecture in English.  To assist them, we want to add "subtitles" in their native language.  (We'll hire someone to type the subtitles in real time as the lecturer is speaking).  Are there good "subtitle screens" for this?  I was thinking something like an LED display might work well, but I can't find anything in the consumer range.  Ideally, we want something we can connect to a wireless network and send text in real time from a networked computer.  The screen does not need to display anything except the text we send it.  It needs to support unicode text.
My Kinesis Advantage keyboard has its home row keys accentuated by a different shape than other keys. Home row keys (pictured: blue) are hollowed out in both dimensions, as opposed to other keys that are only hollowed out along the length of the key.    I quite like the feel of this sort of key cap and would like to replace all of the keys on my portable 60% keyboard (Magicforce 68) with similar keys.  What's this sort of key cap called, where can I get a set, and, if any, what's a good set to purchase?
I am planning on getting into the Cryptocurrency scene pretty soon, and I plan to mine non-SHA256 coins (i.e coins not like Bitcoin), and therefore I plan to use GPUs extensively, rather than ASIC hardware.  I have a fairly tight budget right now per card, around $450 USD, and AFAIK the GTX 10 Series are the best bang-for-buck for non-Bitcoin coins. I have found these two cards on Amazon (links below)  Card 1 --> EVGA  Card 2 --> Gigabyte  What I want to know is, which of these cards is better for mining with? Even if it's just a marginal advantage over the other. I want to get the most performance from these cards before I have to replace them later down the line.  I have done research about this question, but have not found any concrete evidence that can help me decide the victor.  Thanks for viewing!
As per subject I'm looking for a 5ghz low profile PCI-E wireless card supported on Linux.  I'm using Ubuntu 16.04 with HWE. Any recommendation?  Thanks!
I'm a ECE student. I'm having trouble choosing the right laptop. My budget is between 500 to 1500 US dollars. I'm not interested in gaming. I'm fine with thick or bulky laptops. The main thing I am looking for is good performance for software an ECE student would need and a good life.   Edited:  Thanks alot for the response!   I don't have any resolutions or screen size preferences.   By good life I would want it to last for about 4 years at least.   Softwares that I would use would mainly be Matlab, Multism, Pspice, LabVIEW and maybe solid works.
I´m looking for a pen that I can use on any surface (like a table) as a mouse-like input for a tablet, phone or laptop.  Does something like that exist?
I'm in need of a 3.5" 3TB HDD to be used as an all-encompassing backup drive for the rest of my data, as I don't currently have a system in place and that needs to change as soon as possible.  Because the drive will be a backup drive it will be kept hooked up to my desktop but read from and written to less frequently than the average internal HDD, and so it doesn't need to be exceptional quality; however, my personal circumstances mean that I'm on a very tight budget, so it does generally need to be available for under £50 while remaining a reliable drive for the above purposes, and the cheaper it can be found for the better.  Can anyone recommend anything?
Need to print about 1000 stickers/month with the product description. Should I purchase a label maker or a printer?   In the past couple of years, about 3 printers I've bought have stopped working. I am looking for something reliable and cost-efficient.
I'm looking for a device that will play music files like flacs and mp3s, and output them digitally through SPDIF or USB, while not needing a screen to control it. (Having a basic LCD would be acceptable, but not preferred.) I don't want it to be portable, having a battery and such.  Imagine it having the simplicity of a traditional CD player, but able to play files and navigate folders.
I am looking for a cheap gimbal and action camera  For the action camera, I would like it to be capable of...   4K or 1080p recording recording a live output to a fpv transmitter, just like Gopro recording 4K or 1080p to an SD card while outputting a live (slightly lower) resolution of fpv footage to a transmitter I would like it to be cheap, so if it does break, I could easily buy another one   For the gimbal...   It needs to stabilise very well 2 axis OR 3 axis if it’s below around £50 Must keep vibrations dampened enough to not be seen   Thanks,  Sid
In these days it is hard to find any laptop with an anti-glare display. Some ZenBooks have had them in 2016.  Does anybody have a recommendation für a 13" laptop with 8th-gen core-processor and anti-glare display?
If you can't name just one, name a few. In this case, price does not matter. Thanks.
I'm looking to add a Bluetooth module to an Arduino project that I'm working on that will take outdoor temperature measurements. I plan to have several measurement stations over distances of several 10s of metres which ultimately have to communicate wirelessly with a "master" station that logs the measurements from all the satellite stations. For reasons of energy economy, Bluetooth is the way to go, but because of the distances involved, it has to be BT Category 1 (100 mW, transmission up to 100 m). Does anyone know of such a module?  Thanks for any help that you can provide.
Okay so I just received the dreaded single pixel line down the center of my main TV and decided it was time to buy a new one.  I am now overwhelmed confused and ready to start reading more.  I am looking for a TV with the following qualifications:   Basic set of ports such as HDMI 65-75" in size Good for all around use TV / Movies no gaming or PC Use   Budget: Open - I can afford anything up to say $4000 but would like to spend as little as possible.  Smart / Internet Connected: Optional but if it is internet connected I would like for it to be wireless.  All of the above covers just about every option.  Where I need some help with recommendations is all the terminology.  The ranges of these TVs start at about $850 for a known brand but goes all the way up to $5000 +  There is UHD and HDR and QLED and OLED and what seems like a million others.  What should I be focused on and does anyone have any good recommendations for a good all around general use TV.
So I've been looking for a long time and I can't seem to find a keyboard that matches what I want. Maybe I'm in the huge minority or something, but I feel like someone must want this like I do....  Anyways I'm looking for a keyboard that fits the following specifications:   Wireless Backlit Ergonomic Full Size Numpad (Bonus)   I currently use a Microsoft Natural Ergonomic Keyboard. I really do like it for a number of reasons, but it's not backlit and it's not wireless.  It's just so that when I'm at my workstation I can set down my laptop and be good to go. I've tried a bunch of online exclusive places like Amazon, NewEgg, etc. and all the big chain places like Fry's and Best Buy. But I haven't seen one... and I'm not saying that I haven't seen some super expensive crazy custom one, or some questionable brand no one has heard of. I'm saying I haven't found a single one at all that has these specs...
I'm out of space on my Mac so I've been planning to buy an SSD and install some programs there. I know that USB 2.0 has a low bandwidth so there is no point to use SSD through USB 2.0. The question is how do I connect an external SSD drive to my MacBook Pro 2014 that doesn't have Thunderbolt 3 jacks, hence I can't connect USB 3 cord to it. There are some adapters from USB 3 to Thunderbolt 2 that apparently cost about $100-150 so I would avoid buying them if possible.  Thanks in advance!
I have an Asus A52j (K52JK). The laptop has been with me for around 7 years. It is i5. Now I need to get a new one. I am looking for    Good CPU (i7 or better) Full Keyboard (with the right keybad) More than 17" display (LED could be better)  Good number of USB plugs/connection System RAM - at least 8 GB of memory 2TB SSHD or regular provided that I can upgrade to SSD when their price goes down. Graphics RAM - at lease 4 GB of memory.   Can you please recommend a good one for me?
Given that I suspect my PC to have a suicidal behavior, I'm looking for a RAID HDD to save my data safely. I have very old documents that I don't wanna lose. What are the best solutions for this? Buy 2 HDD and connect them with a dock? A NAS? I want it to be at least as fast as a normal HDD (so SATA cable, I think), and not too expensive if possible.  EDIT: I want this to cost if possible, less than 200€, and I want at least 1TB of data. I want it to use with my PC (desktop). I want to store various documents like pictures, videos, work files, ...  Thanks! :)
I need a laptop for entry level programming (small projects) in Java, SQL, PHP and various other languages, as well as various image editing tasks with photos smaller than 12 MP. I've done some initial research, and this laptop, with a Celeron N3060, 4 GB of RAM and 500 GB SSD seemes to be the best I could afford with my budget of €&thinsp;300.  Is this sufficient for the uses mentioned above, and is there better hardware that I could get for around this price?
I'm searching for a notebook to code on and make music. I really like the Lenovo X1 carbon however it is a bit expensive without a Blackfriday sale ;) so maybe there is a similar one.  What I want:   13 - 15 Inch     SSD lightweight   I'm a developer, so I should be able to build my Visual Studio solutions and run node server.  I'm also a music producer working with FL Studio software from Image-Line. FL Studio does require "full SSE2 support" What are the system requirements of FL (and does it run on a Mac)? as well as What computer should I get for music creation?.  I have a desktop at home with a 24 inch screen, so I don't need a big screen.
I am in the process of choosing the parts for my first build. I chose the AMD Ryzen 5 1600 and decided that b530 motherboard would be the best option for me.   I am not going overboard for this build. This is primarily for casual gaming with either Gtx 1050 Ti or Gtx 1060 3GB, depending upon how much money I have left after finalizing the other parts. And, I will also be watching movies and listening to music a lot.   Though not high-end, my 2.1 Phillips speakers are pretty decent (mine is a small-medium sized room). And I prefer high quality media files, especially my music.   So, this brings us to the question - which b350 motherboard has good on-board sound? I am being extra careful because, I do not want to add a sound card.   Also, I am making sure that the parts I choose are future-proof to some extend. So far, I have read good comments about Asrock AB350 Pro 4 and a couple of Msi motherboards.   I am new to all of this and therefore, I have been spending a lot of time in reading and researching about every single part. I am not complaining, I actually love doing this. I just want this build to be really good, so please share your thoughts and opinions. Thank you.
I currently have two monitors, but I want one more. The width of my computer table is however full, so I thought I would add one above my existing monitors. The backs of the monitors are close to a wall, so I thought of some kind of wall-rig. Alternatively I would also be very happy with some kind of tripod that will sustain the monitor.  What should I buy that accomplishes my goal?
What is the best choice for communication system? I work in a company of 40 people and every one has a cordless-telephone and only a few of desktop phones we have a auto-responder to forward calls to the right extension.  We would like to switch our old analogic system to a IP-Voip system and I would like to find something with good software integration with other tools like MS Outlook/Exchange and Skype-for-Buiness.  I would like to switch all my DECT cordless to wifi devices so I can use only one type of antennas. Now I'm using Ubiquity Unifi antennas for wifi and I don't know if these are suitable for Voip-roaming. I don't have a specific budget but considering the high number of cordless it is important to have a low-budget options for cordless. We have some meeting room and I want to add some polycom devices specific for  remote meeting, optionally with video connection (Skype?).
I am getting a Nintendo Switch charging dock which comes with one USB type c male port to charge a controller, but I have 2 controllers and I'm looking for a USB female to male Y-splitter or anything with two USB type c male outputs to charge, the best would be a hard block type thing to support the controllers but anything will do. Lastly if anyone has a cable management idea for this, If I find a Y splitter to make it a real charging dock, holds the cables in place
I'm looking at raw memory speed in a setup where RAM bandwidth is important. Right now the servers are using Xeon E5 16xx v3's and v4's with about 96 - 160 GB of ECC RDIMM 2133/2400.  A lot of people ask online about the difference between ECC and Registered RAM, and get told they are completely separate things - I understand the difference and know which RAM I'm asking about :)  In this case, unbuffered ECC (UDIMMs) may be better than registered ECC (RDIMMs/LRDIMMs), because I don't need registration or buffering really, the amounts of RAM aren't large enough to justify it, and the speed will benefit from avoiding it.  But my usual motherboard preference, SuperMicro X10 range, state under RAM, that it runs with RDIMM or LRDIMM, not UDIMM (or UDIMM with ECC).  Do any server board manufacturers make similar/better/good quality boards (generally viewed as comparable to Supermicro or better), that accept up to 8 slots of unbuffered (UDIMM) ECC? If so, could I have some recommendations?  My usual motherboard spec is something like the Supermicro X10SRi-F: Intel based, 2011-3 single CPU, 8 slots RAM, IPMI, at least 1 PCIe-16 and space for 3 or 4 PCIe-8's, can handle Xeon v3/v4.  Ideally allows fully loaded RAM at 2400 not just 2133 and has onboard vga (aspeed etc) but I can always add a cheap video card if not.
I'm doing a cost analysis for a friend who wants a "budget" gaming system that run most modern titles on medium to ultra settings with decent fps, like ETS2, GTA5 and Fallout4.   So far, he is dead set on getting 2 GTX 960 4GBs and running them in SLI, which is no problem. The problem I face is that I cannot find a CPU that will work with the SLI configuration whilst minimizing GPU bottlenecking as much as possible. I have the following criteria in place -->   CPU must have 4 or more cores CPU can be either AMD or Intel (not really picky here) CPU must have a base clock greater than 3.2GHz CPU doesn't have to be brand new, looking to spend max $100 on the CPU itself   I have not decided on the motherboard as yet, as I do not have the CPU. Once I have the CPU, then I can move forward from here.  Many thanks
I'd like to purchase several inexpensive USB-Speaker-Microphone-Combo-Devices for all the computers at our work place.  Requirements:   Single Speaker - The device should have only one speaker that plays both right and left channels (not two speakers). It can have two speakers as long as they are built into one housing. Small - Must not take up much space (would like it to sit at the base of the computer's monitor for example) Built-in sound card - Should not require the computer to have its own sound card. USB Powered - Must get is power from USB exclusively. Built-in microphone - Would like users to be able to have VOIP calls  or audio chats via Google Voice or any other program that simply needs a speaker and microphone to function.   Any suggestions?
I'm looking for a server to run large number of parallel processes for statistical calculations (Ubuntu + Python). Currently we use 2x16 cores and 512Gb RAM (disk is of secondary importance):   Supermicro SuperWorkstation 7048GR-TR Barebone System - Intel C612 Express Chipset - Socket R3 (LGA2011-3) - 2 x Processor Support 2 x INTEL HASWELL 16C E5-2698V3 2.3G 40M 9.6GT/s QPI 8 x 32GB DDR4-2133   We paid 14K+ for this config 3 years ago (bought from Supermicro resellers). Any cheaper way to replicate this or significantly improve in the same budget?   Some more detail on our calculations (EDIT)  We can parallelize our calculations to 3000 separate processes. Runtime is 6 hours on current setup, would like to make this smaller so I can experiment with system parameters at least 2x in a working day.   The calculation is mostly in LAPACK (through Python/numpy). Prefer one big machine to several small ones, until a reasonable limit on price efficiency. Can spend 15K or 30K (if performance still doubles for the extra money).  The code: Python with numpy, vectorized. Very few matrix multiplications happen, most of the operations are element-wise addition, multiplication.  Code is already written (100K lines), we don't have the capacity to re-write. Also we change it every day and are glad for a flexible language as Python. This means GPU / resource sharing / multiple machines / AWS is not a possibility.  Any hint is welcome on what to look at, I'm newbie in hardware.
Background  There are numerous problems with the Intel Management Engine and the AMD Platform Security Processor or similar always-on master key "backdoors". Both practical, and (most importantly) ideological.  According to my extensive research Wikipedia, all Intel CPUs since 2008 and all AMD CPUs since 2013 have this embedded. Fortunately I don't often upgrade my computer and to my knowledge, my current Intel Core2 Q9400 CPU is not affected. I use Linux exclusively, and use it for electronics CAD and embedded software development.  However, my CPU is starting to feel a bit sluggish, especially when building larger projects from source, and I'm now looking for a replacement. Problem is, it's not easy to find, or maybe I just don't know what to look for?  In short: I'm looking for a CPU to use in my home desktop machine, to run Linux and software development. This means that it's OK if if has a lot of cores because my workload is easy to parallelize.  Requirements   Faster than an Intel Core2 Q9400 by at least a factor of two Consumer or "Prosumer" grade ATX-like motherboards available with at least 6 SATA channels and a PCI-e x16 slot Does not have to be available to buy in a store anymore! I'm almost counting on having to suffice with an older model.   Bonus   x86-64 architecture. This is not strictly necessary, although it would make my life a lot easier. Support for ECC memory Hardware AES acceleration
I'll start by admitting that I realize the Apple Mighty Mouse is beyond deprecated. I'm a musician and programmer, and I work on both Mac and PC. I continue to buy a "new to me" discontinued, re-conditioned, re-certified, pre-owned Apple Mighty Mouse every year or two for this reason: the scroll wheel performs in two axes.   In case you haven't had the delight of a massive spreadsheet (Excel), or a musical score (Cubase), the Mighty Mouse is the only mouse I've found that lets you scroll both horizontally AND vertically without a key combo. It's magic. (I know, I could get a Magic mouse - but I refuse to use a wireless mouse - they chew up batteries and the tracking on any wireless mouse has always been terrible compared to a wired mouse, in my experience).  Sadly, the design of the tiny scroller ball is such that it gets gummed up with "hand cheese" after a year or so and is so small that repair is impossible without breaking.  It's USB2 and I have a KVM switch. The Mighty Mouse (wired) continues to be the only mouse I can find with only the buttons I need, none of the buttons I don't need and don't want and an X-Y scroll "ball", and it performs flawlessly on both Mac and PC through a KVM switch. The one flaw is the inferior size, shape and durability of the scroll ball sensors. Such a shame.  If there are alternatives out there, I sure haven't found any.   Do you know of any other mouse that has an X-Y scrollwheel capability?  I have programmer friends that can chat at length about how awesome their 100db mechanical keyboards are. Yet none of them can tell me about an equally amazing mouse. It's oddly absent from the internet.   I'd be very interested in your recommendation for a decent replacement mouse, USB2, wired, and why. I am not interested in any gaming mice! No extra buttons. I've found nothing for a professional graphic artist or musician who is looking for quality and durability.
I have a Dell Inspiron 7720 laptop for a few years and I would like to buy an SSD disk for it. Currently, I have an SSD disk used as a cache for HDD disk (using Intel Rapid Storage). I want to remove the current SSD disk, use the new one as a system boot disk and the HDD as a data disk.  Since I stopped following new hardware a few years back, I'm not sure what to buy. I don't want you to suggest any particular model, rather just what technology and interface to choose. I want to buy the best possible but, of course, my laptop has to be able to use it (e.g. I don't need SSD faster than motherboard's bus can transfer).  So what I have:   motherboard: Dell 072P0M (Intel Ivy Bridge chipset with Intel HM77 southbridge) 2 regular SATA ports revision 3.0 (i.e. 6 Gb/s), 1 empty (other one used by the HDD) mSATA port (used by the SSD which is in RAID with the HDD) 4x PCI Express x1 ports (it looks like only 2 are currently used (ethernet and wireless cards), although I don't know if there's any connector available inside) 1x PCI Express x4 port (it doesn't look it used but I don't know if there's any connector available inside)   So what to buy? It most likely doesn't have an M.2 interface so SATA is the only option I guess. Is there any (performance) difference between SATA and mSATA or is it just a different form factor? It looks that Inspiron 7720 cannot boot from the mSATA (there's some weird workaround but probably better not choose it, see this, this or this).  Considering all the facts I think the best is to buy some SATA III SSD like Samsung 850 Pro (little above 500 MB/s read and write). Am I right?  Or is there any possibility to use any of those PCI Express ports?  Thank you.
I have around 200€ to spend on a graphics card to go together with my Ryzen 5 1600 CPU on an ASUS PRIME X370-PRO mobo. My goal is to be able to play 4k 60Hz video on one monitor. Neither gaming nor mining nor deep-learning are the goal. So, I am ok with 128-bit memory bus and as low as 2GBs of GDDR5 RAM. The physical size of the card is not an issue, it is a plus if it is power-efficient and high quality. Any suggestions?
Everywhere on internet i read about NVLink is more powerful than PCI lanes connection.   OK, right. But now, i would use this power on my future computer for deeplearning (especially Resnet/TensorFlow training), mainly with GPU scripts based (Cuda). And why not on my current computer.  I'm reflecting about to buy this new base (sorry, i don't have the money to buy a DGX-1, neither a V100):   MB: ASUS Z10PE-D8 WS CPU: 2x Xeon E5-2620 v4 (40 lanes) GPU: 4x GTX1080Ti (or more)   But the PCIe is badly limited to x16/x16 with dual gpu, and x8/x8/x8/x8 with quadrial gpu... So, i'm not satisfied at all.  Is it possible to active NVLink instead of PCIe to improve the performance ?  Is there another solution to override/improve the number of lanes ?  At least, is there another mobo/cpu supporting x16/x16/x16/x16 with dual CPU ?  Bios modding or whatever, i would want to go beyond this limit.  Thanks.    [Edit] The motherboard seems to handle 2 PCIe x16 for each cpu. The i7 are 1S only, i changed to Xeon 2600 v4 series, thanks Alpha3031    [Edit] Finally, there is no possibility to use nvlink for now, i took a Supermicro Superserveur 4U 7048GR-TR with 6 pcie v3 x16/x16/x16/x16/x8/x8 with dual Xeon 2640 v4 and 1080ti gpus
I am and looking to purchase a new desktop as my current one is about 6 years old. I don't keep up with the latest in terms of hardware, and as I am looking and researching, I am surprised by an apparent large price difference between Intels I7's and AMD's.  https://www.cpubenchmark.net/high_end_cpus.html  If you search for Ryzen 5 1600X, you will see a surpringly capable CPU for a great price in comparison to the other CPU's surrounding it.   My question is there more to this than what's on the surface? Are there other benefits the Intel processors provide, or is it just that Intel has 80% of the market and can charge what they want?  INFO: I casually play games of all types, I'm not obsessed with the highest graphics possible, and no particular interest in VR. In addition to games, I do use this for work, developing reports and working with databases. So I don't have any particular requirements, just looking for a new system to replace my outdated one.
I'm trying to find an 8 port managed switch with good scope for defining ACLs. Beyond that, the spec is fairly well defined so it's mostly down to "who makes this spec cheapest and not abysmal quality" :)  The kinds of features I'm after will tend to imply other features will be there "automatically", so I don't need to spec everything - for example it's incredibly unlikely that a switch with ACLs and VLANs won't also have port mirroring, so I don't need to list that specifically.  But it's sometimes hard to figure which switches have decent ACL capability - as in, fairly full-scope permit/deny on a list of ports, IPs and ideally other protocol elements. For example, I can imagine some switch that allowed 3 rather limited rules, that wouldn't be what I'm after. But it's hard to list exactly what ACL capabilities I need, I'd have to read up on recommended models.  Also some product lines, the 8 port versions don't have ACLs where all others in the range do have them, and that's often buried in small print.  Scenario  The scenario is a home LAN, so I don't need catalysts, but that said, some Cisco is surprisingly cheap second hand and I routinely buy previous-generation hardware second hand (EBay etc) rather than new.   Most of the spec I'm after is well established stuff, so it won't have changed for 5 - 10 years so older in good condition would be fine too. If it matters I'm in the UK.  Essential features   8 port RJ-45 gigabit port switch (prefer not 16, overkill for this) 9k Jumbo frames VLAN's Port grouping Bridging 802.1X with RADIUS/TACACS+ or similar ACLs - sets of "permit/deny" rules that can be set on IP/Port (and ideally protocol) etc for each port or group MAC filtering Non-feeble backplane and buffer (I don't need 2Gb per port x 8 ports, but I'd like to have at least say 3 or 4    Gb/s possible across it) GUI web config Reputation of manufacturer to provide updates for an extended period as an enterprise would need (eg in case of future security issues/firmware bugs, and unlike many consumer oriented manufacturers, so I'm not left up a creek without a paddle!).   Everything else   No need for rack mounting - smaller is better Spanning/rapid spanning nice if possible, not essential QoS tags nice if possible, not essential No need for PoE No need for redundant PSU and don't mind internal v external PSU, or active v passive cooling (not mission critical or a heat-prone location) Most other stuff (Mac address count, buffer, backplane,mirroring, GB/s etc) will be fine on any model, so no need to spec it
I'd like to create a free hotspot wifi in my cafè to get email/phone number (previous agreement of the user) from my clients. In other words, I want an access point with costumizable captive portal. I see that exists the Ubiquiti access point but they require to buy the Cloud key to work correctly, right? Otherwise there is the TP-Link EAP 245/225 that are compatible with Facebook Wifi (to get like on a facebook page) but I don't understand if I can set a personalized authenticathion page where I can get all data that I need.  Another lowcost solution for do that is using a raspberry with a custom OS as ZeroShell but I don't know if the performance is good or not.  There are others simple systems to do that? I search a low cost solution. I expect to have a load of 25-30 person simultaneously.
I'm looking for a device that has the following capabilities:   min 50 Hz 3-axis accelerometer and 3-axis gyroscope bluetooth wifi programmable at least 1 Gb storage decent (rechargeable) battery (should be able to stream at least 20 hours of data) the smaller the better   I would be a plus, if it had any extra measuring capabilities (e.g. gps, temperature, magnetometer etc) had a sturdy casing and maybe a GSM module, but the main things are the ones I listed.  I've been looking around but haven't found one that could do all of these yet.
Any potential problem with charge New MacBook Pro 2016 with use Apple iPad 12W USB Power Adapter since they are all usb c?
I am trying to find something that is exceptionally weird and bizarre. I want to use a M.2 NVMe x4 SSD in a PCI-Express x1 slot.  x4 NVMe SSDs directly use PCIe bus protocol, and so can be directly plugged into a full-size PCIe slot using a simple passive adapter. But there are four data lines, so these passive adapters are virtually all x4 lane cards.  By specification, all PCIe cards are backwards compatible with the lowest bandwidth x1 lane slots. If the x1 slot is designed with an open end, it is possible to plug a x16 card into it with 15 lanes hanging exposed in midair and unconnected, and it will work. It won't work well but it will work.  So, what I need is a NVMe x4 passive adapter card, which will plug the M.2 into a normal PCIe x1 slot, and leaves the remaining 3 lanes unconnected.  I have been searching the web on and off for months and have not found anything like this yet.
I'm looking for a preamplifier to get 1-2 Volt as Maximum Output Voltage from a microphone with jack or RCA.  It should get a line-in signal and then modulate in FM. I've found one potential option, though I'm not 100% sure if it works for what I want, because to modulate in FM I need to know exactly the Maximum Output Voltage the microphone line-level can get: Behringer MA400.    I'd like to be able to regulate the output. I'm gonna put this output into an FM modulator circuit that I made with VCO.  Do you know a product or something like I'm looking for?
I'm looking to update  my servers motherboard with a newer board. The reason I'm looking to upgrade is because I'd like to be able to install a decent graphics card. I can't at the moment because the PCI port is only a x4 and I would need a x16.  I'm not exactly sure what kind of motherboard is, but it's a Cisco Ironport s370. It used to be a network security server, but now it just sits in my basement with no use and I was going to try to upgrade it.  Price range, I could get anything up to $350 for a motherboard, and I already have a CPU, heatsink, and RAM that works with the server.  If you have any suggestions on what motherboard I should get, or if you can figure out what kind of motherboard it has please let me know.  Update  I opened it opened out found out some more specs.  It has 4x1GB of RAM  It has a Intel Xeon E5520
I work with Maya/3DsMax and Redshift/Vray (usually Redshift, rendering on a graphics card).  I need to buy a powerful mobile workstation so I can render things quickly.  Which parameters should I look for when searching for a laptop for this? Are there any machines designed especially for these tasks?  Thanks!
Here is my list of the parts on amazon of the new PC i am going to build for my friend. I need some experienced advice if that build is okay on that ~700 pounds budget or how it can be better on the same budget. This pc is mainly for gaming. Thanks.  I am considering to change the processor to ryzen 3 1300x and buy a small SSD to keep the budget but still be good for gaming
I am using an Arduino Uno R3 to control my Christmas lights (a strand of 665 WS2812B LEDs).The Arduino, while driving the LEDs, is not accessible from my PC, so I am attempting to use a Raspberry Pi 3 with VNC installed to control it remotely, and update the Arduino code on demand. I planned to use the Raspberry Pi's GPIO pins to run a series of sensors. However, I am experiencing issues when compiling code from the Raspberry Pi and I am just a few bytes short on the Arduino's SRAM.   The Raspberry Pi is incapable of running the WS2812B strand due to its strict timing. In a different project, I used the Raspberry Pi to drive a LPD8806 strand directly but that strand was out of budget for this project. I already have 665 WS2812B LEDs wired in a single strand and mounted on my house. My problem is that the last 15 LEDs are not working and I cannot reliably change the light pattern remotely.   What is a good Microcontroller or SBC that could either replace the Arduino Uno and be controlled by the Pi or could replace both? The solution needs to be able to drive a continuous strand of 700 WS2812B LEDs, be controlled over a network, and run off of a 5V power supply. Preferably, this solution would have enough resources to also measure a series of sensors over GPIO pins, and be cheap. All of the alternatives I have found either lack some functionality, or are far more expensive than my current setup.   Edit: The Teensy++ 2.0 is the only 5V board I could find that has more RAM than the Arduino Uno, without getting more expensive. I would be willing to pay more for a card that also had some networking built in.  Does anyone know if the Teensy++ 2.0 will work with my project or know of a card that will?
I would like to thank everyone who has taken the time to read and answer my questions. So I am building a computer VR-4K ready. https://pcpartpicker.com/list/KZjD6X I have checked everything I have gotten, only thing that is really bothering me is PSU, Tower, motherboard.  I want the best but I will not be overclocking, I never overclocked, not really interested unless it makes my gameplay better. Which I heard it can but still, I really want to buy these but maybe a professional can tell me otherwise. What I am looking for is to add a Samsung SSD Pro 960 1TB but maybe later in life maybe summer 2018. But for now everything I want is set.  Reason I want PSU is because I want it to be efficient, if you think there is a cheaper one but has the same efficiency let me know link it.  The reason I want the motherboard is because it seems to be the best and honestly the price makes me believe it is the best, but if you have a motherboard that's cheaper and does about the same, please link it.  The reason i wanted to get the Tower was because I saw a video on youtube saying it's highly customization and it's the best tower of 2017  but if you have a really easy to clean FULL TOWER that is better than this please let me know.  If it's better or just as good but cheaper, that's what is really important to me. if you can help me that would be great, the GPU is the final item I will buy, because is so expensive. but if you think the original is better than this please let me know.
I think it is time to get a new laptop and I'm frustrated by my inability to find one that meets my researched specifications.  I'm not looking for a paper-thin ultra-high-end gaming laptop, just something upper-mid-range that can handle casual gaming, productivity applications, web browsing, and programming.  My most demanding requirement probably that I run Gentoo Linux which means A) I need hardware that supports Linux and B) I'll be recompiling software on a regular basis (which is CPU-intensive).  My budget is, ideally, around $300-$600 but I'd probably be willing to splurge up to around $1 000 if I could find one that meets all or most of my requirements.  My ideal laptop would be a two-in-one with (ordered by desirability- most desired first):   15" touchscreen at least- (I mean I'd like a 17" really but it's impossible to find an affordable 17" with a decent resolution in a laptop sporting most of the above) Internal Blu-Ray BDXL writer (seemingly impossible to find at a reasonable price point, I'll probably have to be content with a dual-layer DVD writer) Minumum of 8GiB of RAM SDcard reader Minimum of 1TiB hdd 802.11ac Wi-Fi 5+ hour battery life Headphones jack Conventional anti-virus program Bootable Anti-malware device Windows 10 Pro quad-core processor?  Maaaaaybe a SSD drive for the OS partitions? I've seen it recommended but it seems a somewhat expensive luxury  USB Type-C w/ Thunderbolt 3 (Not something I have use for at the moment, but it would future proof the laptop and allow me to buy Thunderbolt hardware in the future)   Now after searching Newegg it seems that I need to cut back but I'm not sure what compromises I need to make.  I'm especially perplexed by the CPU landscape- are quad-core CPUs twice as fast as dual core?  Why do dual-core CPUs still predominate?  Are desktop processors used in laptops now?  What's with Intel's generations and how do Intel chips compare with AMD?  Where can I find reliable CPU benchmarks?  Anyway, that's my story. What've you guys got?
I am looking for a thermo printer that can print on A4-wide thermo paper (rolls, like FAX-rolls) and otherwise is quite small.  I do not need an inbuild battery or such, I do not need any wireless data transfer (and I in fact do need some kind of wired data transfer).  Very small ones I only find Brother PJ-622 and PJ-623 for under 200 EUR. Aren't there more? Maybe (very) old models? In fact, it's just a telefax without all the telephony stuff ...
I have a motherboard here that won't complete POST. Stripped it down to just CPU, MB, 1 DDR4 chip. The old board had a bent pin which I did not notice until after I broke it down when POST was failing, so I got a new MB, but same issue. Many are saying it needs a BIOS update. If so, is it even possible to update the BIOS? I have a USB with BIOS files on it here. Is it possible the CPU got hosed being set into a bent pin?   MB: Gigabyte Aorus X299 gaming 7 CPU: Intel i9 7900x RAM: Ballistix Sport LT DDR4 2400 MT/s (PC4-19200)
Are there "cables" that are just 2 bluetooth dongles that will interact with each other? I am looking for one for a custom mechanical keyboard. USB type c would be the best, but I think anything would do. Thanks!
I am planning to buy a laptop . I have selected two . One has a 8th generation 1.80GHz core i7 processor  and other has 7th generation 2.70 Ghz core i7 processor  . Shall I emphasize on clock speed or generation ?  EDIT  I am going to use linux os . Most of the time I will work on android studio and py charm and spyder for machine learning stuff.
Background  I'm considering a 4k monitor with 120Hz support that uses two DP1.2 connectors; they each render half the screen at 120hz, it's effectively two monitors glued together.  Question  For gaming, would I see a performance benefit from using a dedicated GPU for each half of the screen? I'm not sure how this'd work under DX11 or 12.  Thanks!
I have these parts, but I am lost because I'm not sure what kind of PSU I need. For the voltage, I can be safe and get a high one, but for the cables included, I don't know what I need.   ASRock motherboard Motherboards Z370 PRO4 DEEPCOOL GAMMAXX 400 CPU Cooler Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1060 Windforce OC 3GB GDDR5 Seagate 1TB BarraCuda SATA   What is the best PSU that I should get my hands on?  EDIT  I have calculated that I need 330w, but to be safe I'll go for 500-550 not higher because i am on a budget.
My Gigabyte GA-B85M motherboard has gone bad. Looking for a better alternative (if possible, around $70).  Looking for a motherboard that supports Intel i5 4440 LGA 1150 and daily task involves software development.  My existing system has following config:   1 SSD 1 DVDROM 1 SATA 1 RAM chip - 4GB Wireless Keyboard/Mouse D/HDMI display port   Need max 6 USB ports  No plan for expansions in the future  I prefer a motherboard with a good price-to-performance ratio which gives a performance boost for software development, but any descent motherboard will work.
Kind of odd question, I need a base for my laptop that has to allow me to ajust its 4 legs independently.  For example i want the project to lean forward and at the same it to the right. I will have to be able to adjust the height of each leg until i reach my ideal spot.  Do you happen to know of any base like this? ( can be a laptop base ) as long as its steady.  Thanks in advance.
My brother wants to build a PC mainly for amateur (raw) photo editing in Lightroom/Gimp and video editing in Davinci Resolve. Currently lightroom is painfully slow on his old T520 thinkpad and Resolve wont even start. The goal is to get those applications running well enough for hobby projects (short 1080p Videos, etc.) without spending too much money.  The recommendations for Davinci Resolve are mostly a GPU with 2GB ram, since most the calculations are done on CUDA, and 16 GB of ram.  We have so far settled on the following:   GTX 1050 TI 16 GB ram (DDR3/DDR4? Depends on the choice of the CPU I guess) SSD   The big question is which CPU. The market looks pretty confusing to me, and I also don't really know what specs we need. We went through some benchmark lists and found the following ones to look interesting:  Intel Pentium G4560 (~68€):  2 Cores (+ HT), 3.5 GHz, DDR4-2400  AMD A10-7870K (~110€):  4 Cores (no HT), 3.9 GHz, DDR3-2133  AMD FX-8350 (~103€):  8 Cores (no HT), 4.0GHz, DDR3-1866  It looks like the last two (especially the FX) are older higher-end models. I know cores and GHz isn't everything, but I have no idea which one is ultimately faster (is AMD still considered the less efficient architecture?).  The first two have an internal GPU, since we have the 1050 Ti this is not required but I guess it doesn't hurt.  Maybe important: the Pentium has hardware support for encoding/decoding of different codecs like h264, jpeg, etc. Not sure if Lightroom and Resolve make use of that?  Can anyone please recommend me a good CPU? Of course, if none of the above is a good choice, a different one is ok too.  (Fun fact: last time I build a pc it had an Athlon XP 2800+ and 1gb of ram, I think a lot has changed since...)
I want to change my 1080p 60 hrz low budget monitor.  I have a GTX 1070 and my choice would be a 24" 1080p 144hrz with g sync, for a dual screen. Using the old one for web browsing.  I think with 27" 1440p 144 hrz I won't reach 100+ fps on AAA games with high settings, so it's pretty much useless. Am I right?   Other question : if I want to upgrade my graphic card in the next years, would another 1070 for an SLI work better than a single Gtx 1080? And what about 1080ti?  My specs : Intel 6700k OC Asus maximus VIII hero Corsair vengeance 2x8 GB 3000 OC Corsair hydro h115i  Evga gtx 1070 SC gaming 3.0
I'm looking for a 21" (or larger) monitor to use with my work laptop when working from home. I work with excel, word and some statistics packages (like STATA or SAS) mostly. I'm not a gamer so won't use it for that (Football Manager is the only thing I play these days and that's a glorified spreadsheet). Ideally I'd get something for around the £100 mark, but I don't know whether that's realistic? Does anyone have any recommendations?
Use Case  I have an application where I need to write a lot of data continuously (several GB/day).  It needs to fit in a very small package.  It will be deployed in very remote places. It will not be easily serviceable and therefore must be reliable.  A tiny USB flash drive would be perfect, but...  USB Drives typically have a short lifespan if you are writing constantly.  Speed is not critical (normal flash write/read speeds are fine).  Question  My question: Does anyone make a USB thumb-drive that is designed specifically for significantly increased write longevity?  My ideal would be something like this:   Small (no bigger than a couple inches long when sticking out of the USB port. Preferably even smaller (like a stubby drive). SLC NAND for basic longevity (100,000 write cycles MTTF is typical). Has write-leveling/spreading to keep from overwriting the same cells too often. Has a large section of unmapped storage cells that can get mapped in when cells fail (similar to SSD failed-cell mapping techniques).   Essentially what I'm looking for is SSD longevity tech in a small USB thumb-drive package.   I have tried every combination of search terms I can think of in Google and have found nothing.  Maybe it's just my Google-Fu is failing me? Does this even exist?  Thanks ahead of time!
I have a machine license for Microsoft Windows 10 Pro on my old desktop (originally installed with Windows 7), which I got during the free-upgrade period from Microsoft.  However, when I upgraded from Windows 7 to Windows 10, I discovered that even though I could get the default Microsoft drivers for the integrated graphics, the manufacturer (AMD) did not have any proprietary Windows 10 drivers available for the old integrated graphics card, which makes it difficult to run PC games on Windows 10 that need the proprietary AMD drivers.  Since all I need to run PC games on the desktop is a supported graphics card, it would be cheaper to just buy a dedicated graphics card for the old PC (which would have much better performance than integrated graphics anyway) rather than buying a new computer altogether.  However, it looks like a new graphics card would also require a new power supply as well due to the higher power requirements.  I would also like to add USB 3.0 to the PC (it currently only has USB 2.0), which looks to be doable, especially with a new power supply that has Molex to support USB 3.0.  My question is are there going to be any major disadvantages in trying to save some money by upgrading the hardware on the old PC (new power supply, new graphics card, plus a USB 3.0 card), versus simply buying a new Windows 10 desktop PC instead?  The biggest difference that I can see is that the newer desktops have PCIe 3.0 instead of PCIe 2.0, which seems to be limited to no more than 2 GB of video RAM.  So if I bought a new desktop with integrated graphics and PCIe 3.0, I could still upgrade it later to add dedicated graphics, but would not be limited to 2 GB or less of video RAM.  Ideally, I would like to keep the desktop PC futureproof until at least 2020 (10 years from its manufacture date).  Other than having a graphics card that is not supported on Windows 10, and not having USB 3.0, the desktop PC is a pretty good one.  It has a 3.0-GHz quadcore processor, 8 GB RAM (upgradeable to 16 GB), 1.5 TB of internal HDD storage, a LightScribe multidrive (which doesn't even exist any more, though I still have LightScribe discs that I can burn using free software), plus the available machine license for Windows 10 Pro.  If I upgrade the hardware, I would like to also get an HDMI UHD (4K) monitor if possible, as well as add a Blu-Ray drive on the USB 3.0, which I think should be supported.  That way I can use the desktop as a multimedia PC for Blu-Ray videos in 4K UHD.  Do you think that 4K gaming would be doable though on this PC, even with the 2 GB of dedicated graphics RAM plus the 8 GB of system RAM?  Here are the exact specifications on the hardware (HP p6716f):  https://support.hp.com/document/c02631315/  https://support.hp.com/document/c02560084/  https://www.game-debate.com/motherboard/index.php?mot_id=1480  Here are the hardware I am considering adding:  https://www.bestbuy.com/site/thermaltake-smart-series-650w-bronze-power-supply-black/8733872.p/  https://www.bestbuy.com/site/visiontek-500w-internal-power-supply-black/4698305.p/  Is 500 watts too much power?  The new graphics card would only need 300 watts.  https://www.bestbuy.com/site/evga-nvidia-geforce-gt-710-2gb-ddr3-pci-express-2-0-graphics-card-black/4961400.p/  or  https://www.bestbuy.com/site/pny-nvidia-geforce-gt-730-2gb-ddr3-pci-express-2-0-graphics-card-black/6164149.p/  Which is better though, the GeForce 710 or the GeForce 730?  They look to be very similar to me, other than the price.  https://www.bestbuy.com/site/visiontek-4-port-usb-3-0-pci-express-expansion-card/7370106.p/  https://www.visiontek.com/4-port-usb-3-0-pcie-internal-card.html  Are there any other upgrades I could make to the old desktop to improve performance or capabilities?  https://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-ultra-500gb-internal-sata-solid-state-drive-for-laptops/5969505.p/  I already have a 1 TB HDD plus a 0.5 TB HDD, for 1.5 TB total.  I don't think that replacing the 0.5 TB HDD with a 0.5 TB SSD will be worth the expense though.  It looks like SSDs require SATA 3, so that is probably another disadvantage of sticking with the older PC that has SATA 2.  I should add also that I do not really know how to replace all these things myself.  I am assuming that I can figure it out by watching YouTube videos.  Though I do have an anti-static kit already, that I picked up a while back on clearance when RadioShack was going out of business.  Otherwise I can have it all installed at my local computer shop for just US$30 in labor cost.
Looking to mount a screen with built-in PC for my car.  Requirements:     Able to run Windows   WIFI   Can run on 24 volts power supply from the car   Able to sustain minor temporary voltage fluctuations     Touch is not a requirement.
My tablet no longer works. I need a replacement pretty quickly.   Ideally my new tablet will have the following properties:   T Mobile's data network (1700 and 2100 band?) easily rooted can run Linux or Android's linux Bluetooth a clamshell bluetooth keyboard accessory would be good, mouse even better.   I want to    use it like a regular tablet to navigate when I get off the subway use it like a laptop at meetups pipe video to a big screen from it when presenting or demoing code utilize it as a mini screen to expand my laptop's desktop size when working at home   I don't want to spend an arm and a leg on it.
So my daily driver of 3 years, the Lenovo G50-70, is on it's last legs, and I am in the market for a new high-end laptop to replace the G50-70.  I have found these two laptops that fit rather nicely in the my budget of $2000. The problem I face is that I cannot decide which one to choose over the other!  Here is the first Laptop --> Asus G701  Here is the second Laptop --> Asus GL702VS  Here are the specs of the G701   Core i7-6820HK 32GB DDR4 RAM GTX 980M 8GB 2 x 256GB SSDs in RAID 0 G-Sync Monitor(17.3") Price -->  $1599 USD   And here are the specs of the GL702VS   Core i7-7700HQ 16GB DDR4 RAM GTX 1070 8GB 512GB SSD + 1TB HDD G-Sync Monitor(17.3") Price --> $1999 USD   The deciding factor for me here is price to performance. On one hand the G701 has 32GB DDR4 RAM pre-installed, with a 512GB SSD included, but sports the 980m 8GB. Where as the GL702VS sports a GTX 1070 8GB, but only has 16GB DDR4 RAM.  What puts me off from the GL702VS is the price of the laptop alone, this doesn't allow me to buy extra addons for it later on, like say a 1TB SSD. So I am leaning towards the G701, mainly due to the fact that I will be able to buy upgrades for it at the same as purchasing the laptop altogether.  I do a lot of 3D rendering for buildings and structures, as I work at a engineering firm, so the GPU is kinda important in that regard, but I also want to game at a moments notice.  Which laptop should I get? The G701 with the older GPU but better spec? or the GL702VS with the better GPU, but lower spec? If not either? Can you recommend me a better spec laptop with a good GPU in it, but at a better price?  On a side note  I have considered a GTX 1080 laptop to satisfy, as well as Quadro workstation laptops, but these are either out of my budget or are not powerful enough to both game and work.
I am choosing hardware to build a PC. The ways I want to use it:  Programming C++, Qt, Compiling, deploying  Streaming how I am coding (not games)  Virtualization. Running many instances of VMs or dockers  I am looking for a processor. I do not need to play games at all, but streaming requires at least a nice integrated video chip.  I want the CPU to support the fastest M2 SSD and 32gb of the fastest RAM. The main concern is the CPU choice according to my tasks. Shall I choose AMD with many cores or stay with Intel, which has better single thread performance?
I want to know if I need a CPU cooler for my build. I know I do, but is the one included with my i5 8600k enough? Just note that I am on LGA1151   ASRock Z370 PRO4 motherboard Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1060 Windforce OC 3GB Corsair Builder Series VS450, 450 Watt PSU   So my question is, is the CPU cooler included (if there is one I am not sure) with my CPU enough to support? Or should I get a different one?
What external USB graphic card display adapter to VGA is working with Ubuntu 14.04 LTS?   I would like to use one similar to this one: JUA210 USB 2.0 VGA Display Adapter (https://en.j5create.com/products/jua210?variant=10607890692). Any recommendation or does this one even run on Ubuntu 14.04?
Windows specifically has this annoying issue where it will not allow multiple partitions on a USB flash drive.  If you create multiple partitions, Windows will only see the first one.  Linux doesn't care, MacOS doesn't care; only Windows cares.  Some flash drives, however, have their Removable Media Bit set, in which case Windows sees them as a removable hard drive and will work with as many partitions as you see fit to create.  I need one of these drives.  Unfortunately, this isn't a feature that gets advertised at all.  My efforts to Google this feature only comes up with a bunch of posts from people trying to set this feature on drives they already have (which usually involve shady hack tools from Chinese or Russian web sites).  Lexar is the only manufacturer that publishes a tool to set this bit on their drives, but it's old and it only works on some models.  I once bought a SanDisk Cruzer drive that had it set but at the time I didn't care about the feature.  I've bought SanDisk drives since then that don't have it, and that one drive is too small (16GB).  Microsoft has a published list of their "Windows-to-Go" certified flash drives (which all have their RMBs set because Windows-To-Go requires it), but all of these flash drive are ridiculously expensive because of the certification.  I don't care about Windows-To-Go anyway.  I just need a drive that I can create at least 3 partitions on.  Does anybody know for certain a particular make/model of flash drive that has this bit set?  I'd like it to be at least 128GB, but I'd settle for a 64GB model if that's all there is.
I am a .net developer. I need laptop with 32GB ram with screen size 14 inch minimum.  I will have sql server 2017, Visual studio 2017.  Does anyone has good recommendations on this? Weight should not be more than 2kg. Any recommendations on buying virtual machines than can always connect to VPN? What does this VM costs? What about Docker? I am really going crazy with search for 32GB ram. Please help
I’m looking to buy a printer for my UX agency, which I would ideally like to have the following features:   Auto double sided printing WiFi/Bluetooth connection Ability to print high quality documents up to A3 A scanner Great quality photo finishes for poster Flyer/business card/poster printing for clients Don’t need to print a lot of pages per minute   Any recommendations? I’ve read a few articles and initially thought that I wanted a laser printer but it seems as though inkjet is the way to go. There’s so much choice so thought I’d ask those who know
Mini-ITX boards with 8 to 12 SATA connectors aren't that exotic. But what about matching cases? Basically, I am looking for something similar to the SuperChassis 721TQ-250B - but with more hot-swap drive bays. Like 10 of them.
There are different kinds of disks:   Hard Drive (with rotating/spinning disk) SSD  MicroSD  Flash Drive   I am mainly interested in large capacity (5TB+).  1) Can you tell me why MicroSD/USB FLASH DRIVES (or like that, which doesnt have a disk) is not available more than 1-2TB (or if available, can they replace HDDS?)   are USB/FLASH drives more safer(durable) from spoilt than HDDs?  2) Why there is not massive production of i.e. 10TB+ storages for retail-customers?  3) Which one you recommend to have , because HDD's fail from time to time, and I want to store large backups regularly (SSD's are 8x expensiver, and cant afford)  Doesnt there exist any kind of affordable storages for retail customers?
I’m asking for recommended hardware to achieve the following:  I have a computer with HDMI and DVI output. This is a dedicated medical device and I can’t install any additional software on it.  I want to use the video output of this computer as a real-time texture in a 3D application (which I am developing) that runs on another computer. I am looking for hardware that allows HDMI or DVI in, so I can use the video feed in my application. Low latency is very important. The latency of the image being available as a texture on the second computer should be as low as possible (preferably no more than 1 frame behind).
Yo there, Im building a system to use linux, write in latex, documents, databases , programming,, virtualization  and watch videos and images (2D) but Im stuck at the processor, between a fx 6300 that Im using in another machine and the ryzen series,  But looking at the specs it seems that the ryzen platform was made more to gaming and fancy graphical use instead of what I intend to do, and the bottom line of ryzen seems to lack enough power to work (I have seen this does not have the virtualization support), so which has better performance, based in the uses described before, the fx6300 based on socket AM3+ or the ryzen series on AM4?  PD. The idea is to have enough punch to work without spending lots of money.
I have the 3 BenQ GW2270 monitors and a Gigabyte Z87-HD3 Intel Z87 Motherboard.  I want to be able to connect all three monitors to a digital port, but my motherboard only has 1 X HDMI, 1 X DVI and 1 X VGA. I notice most of the motherboards and graphics cards I've looked at have three display ports but only 2 are digital. I have them connected to my motherboard using the three different connection types.   How can I get around this, other than spending quite a lot on a new motherboard or high spec graphics card? I only use my PC for general usage and no gaming. The display of these monitors is 1920 X 1080 so nothing intense. The reason for this is so that I have a consistent picture across all three monitors.   Could I get two graphics cards with one or two digital ports on each? Maybe something like this   What about a DMS graphics card which would use this kind of splitter?   Any help would be greatly appreciated.
I use a single 43" Samsung monitor with a "standing" desk (which I can raise and lower between sitting height and standing height for work).  I need the monitor's height to adjust independent of the desk's (I like it higher when I'm standing relative to the desk than when I'm sitting), and it's a little shaky on the desk anyway.  So I want a height-adjustable wall-mount for the monitor.  But I have been unable to find VESA wall-mounts that simply flush-mount the monitor and make it easy to lift and lower it (at least 20").  Every "height-adjustable" VESA wall-mount I have found is still on an arm, so it significantly changes the distance from the wall as the height is changed.  Is anyone aware of VESA wall-mount that offers easy height adjustments with no other dependent degrees of freedom?
I'm looking for a way to connect to the internet through 4G/LTE and have the ability to secure my own traffic, browse primarily text-based sites (read: I don't need serious media streaming capability), while having the portability of a tablet. I don't need anything super-powerful or fast, and I'm open to the idea of having the modem be external or internal.  The main hurdle I've run into is I just don't know what's out there that fits that need, because I've always stuck strictly with a phone on a data package, or a PC on a LAN, so I'm not familiar with everything in between. I know there are (for example) tablets with built-in modems, but I don't know if that's what I should be looking for or if I should get an external modem and hook it up to a cheap tablet/ultra-light laptop. I also don't know which providers have plans that would easily accommodate this (I'm only familiar with Verizon's hot spots and tethering).  The solution should be:   Highly portable Able to use a physical keyboard/mouse Able to browse the internet at a reasonable speed Able to route all my traffic through a VPN without any restriction Preferably able to run Kali or similar Cost-effective (for example it would be nice if the data plan could scale to my use each month)   As stated before, this could be an external modem and device combo, or just a single device with a built-in modem. It should be larger and easier to use for typing/browsing than a phone, but smaller and lighter than a regular laptop. Please make recommendations of devices and providers that could fit the bill, especially if you've used them personally.
Looking at the specs of these two laptops, they are essentially identical.  Any idea what are differences between these two models?
I've been looking for a new headset for office, but can't find any that suit the following requirement :     Need a good microphone Has active noise cancelling Isn't worn on the head like most headset Is wired USB or 3.5mm This excludes all bluetooth headset. USB connection is preferred but both USB and 3.5mm are good Affordable (must be below 120 USD) Headphones with only one ear aren't suitable The speaker doesn't go deep within the ear. For clarity, the following image show which type of speaker this criteria exclude.      Ideally, they need some kind of support that prevent them from falling off when moving the head. This support would preferably be a big or small hook around the ear.   Here is an example that would be suitable if it existed :      Are there headphones that match these criteria? If yes, can point them out?
I work at a institution where we need to buy a few keyboards and mices for replacement.  The problem is: we have to do that through a "inverse auction" technique where the interested sellers have to read the specification first and then make the offer. Lowest price win.  We cannot require a product from a specific brand or model, but we can give specifications to be followed.  Just for you to understand the problem, last "inverse auction", the company that won offered  $2 mouses and $5 keyboards that probably wont last much or even be usable.  I would like to find good specifications for mid-tier keyboards and mice to stock up, knowing that we cannot replace these every so often or go to the closest shop and buy a new one.  However, I did not find good standarized metrics for keyboard and mice specifications, so I need community opinion on how to constrain offers to a reasonably good Office standard.  In my research, I've already have gotten some ideas: One guy at Superuser suggested "travel for the keypress, kind of switching, keyroll over" and Cable Lenght.  I also thought about Microsoft's 2 year warranty that usually does not apply to third line chinese branded keyboards, but not sure if that's enought.  Any other hints?
My existing home phone is kind of useless and no one ever answers it because of that. It doesn't have any form of Caller ID and has very few settings, which means it's impossible to screen spam callers. Our phone line mainly exists for FAX purposes, but if I can find the right phone system, it'd be nice to be able to use the actual phone capabilities of it too.  So I'm wondering if anyone knows of a cordless phone system for homes that still uses the RJ-11 cable for connecting to the phone line (I don't have a choice in how the phone gets connected to the phone line, it has to use that cable), but can also either:   Connect to a local network over Wi-Fi; or Connect to a local network via an Ethernet CAT-6 cable (essentially having two cables connected to the device simultaneously - one to the phone line, one to the network).   Having its own web interface for managing the phone system's setting is not necessary, but it should definitely have some sort of API so that requests can be made to the phone system in order to update various settings (like ring volume or blocked callers) as well as accessing data (like call history and voicemails) without having to use the phone itself.  It'd be really great if the phone system also allowed setting more fine-grained preferences on a per-number basis, having a default that applies to everything and can be overridden by the number's specific preferences similar to how most mobile phones operate.  Is anyone aware of such a home phone system or am I stuck trying to find alternate solutions (but let's be honest, I'd probably just give up)?
Assume that I have a box attached into a car and its function is receiving sensors data (GPS, temperature, speed) and push these data onto a remote sever through 2G/3G. Because I need this system be real time, so I need a module SIM to continuously transfer data to remote server. So my criteria for the module Sim is it must be stable, fast enough to push sensors data to sever (maybe twice in a minute).  Can you suggest me some modules Sim can handle well this situation ?
I am sick of paying US$1000 a year for a professional commercial datacenter colo for merely a hobbyist Minecraft / Space Engineers / Factorio gaming server that makes no money and is not run to make a profit.  I would instead like to build a gaming server that will sit hundreds of miles away from me in someone's closet or basement on their Google fiber, and I want this mini-server to be as close to zero maintenance as possible for the friend acting as my server host.  I know that dust is the death of technology, and this thing is going to run 24x7 for years in a mostly unmonitored location, so it needs extreme reliability and dust protection.  ,  I want to use a professional HVAC high-end deep-pleat furnace filter with high particulate retention, not the cheap blue US$1 filters that let fine dust through.  Something like this 20" x 21" x 5" deep MERV 16 filter: https://www.filtersfast.com/P-Lennox-X8790-MERV-16-Air-Filter-Replacement.asp?kpid=X8790  This high grade professional filter is likely going to take a bit of static pressure to drive air through it as it builds a dust layer, so the case likely needs more than the typical low-pressure axial fans.... possibly a small squirrel cage or centrifugal horticultural blower.  Though I am also trying to go for something quiet, so the blower likely needs to be of a large diameter, to be slow enough and still have sufficient static air pressure.  I have spent many months trying to find a super-low maintenance computer case or enclosure like this, and so far it appears no such thing exists. It probably would have to be custom manufactured in a makerspace on a CNC router table or with a plasma cutter.  Any ideas?
I once had an archos 35 home connect android alarm clock and I want sth. like that again. I know the xoro and orbsmart products, anything else? It should be the combination of a cheap android phone with speakers and a stand.
I've got this configuration: intel i3 8100 CPU 8 GB DDR4 2400MHZ in a single module MSI 1050 TI 4GB Video card MSI Tomahawk Z370 MOBO  I notice 100% cpu usage especially when gaming even on 2011 games (Homefront) for example.  Now my question is does having single channel memory configuration put's more load on the cpu, does adding another ram module reduces the cpu load? and why?
This may be a stupid question, so I apologize up front.  NVidia's website says the Maximum Digital Resolution for my video card is 7680x4320.   Does that mean that is the MAXIMUM resolution it can support for each of the 4 monitors?   Or  Does that mean that combined, the monitors cannot exceed that resolution?  https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/geforce/products/10series/geforce-gtx-1070-ti/
Hello community Few month ago i buy new GPU (1060 GB) and my performence go higger thank you for that. But now i see my CPU is not enough for what i am doing on my pc.  So what i do on my PC? Playing games. This part is quite good. I can run most of games in almost full settings (GTA 5 etc) but my CPU is on 70-90% of usage. In PUBG its around 80-95%(Low setting except render distance). I like streaming Recently i started streaming again. And since i have second monitor i see that most of times my CPU is 80-100% depending on game witch i am playing. Right now i encode video with GPU (nvidia nvec) so GPU is takeing the hard part but still OBS need somethink to do so mostly its takes 10% of usage. I stream in 720p60fps.(Internet doesnt allow me to do 1080p30fps or higger). During the streaming i also host MP games(strategy games) and run some background programs like chrome, discord, bots for chat etc.  Time to time some fans they can see that streaming is laggy and i see in OBS that is buffering and losing frames. I dont want to go lower on quality settings. I just want to have nice picture for vievers  Photoshop, video editing, rendering. For pictures and graphic am using photoshop Currently Seems like i have enough power. For editng video rendering and i think its not. Take a long time to make a 20 min video like 40-50 min to render in fullHD. Just for fun i am rendering Also fractals, but its not important  So i belive that its not good to have CPU at 80-100% usage all the time.    My curret build  CPU: Intel Core i5-3550p  GPU: Nvidia GTX 1060(GB)  RAM: 16 gigabytes 1600MHz (two slots)  MB: Asrock Z77 pro3  Drives: 1 TB Western Digital(Other data) and 120GM SSD kingstone (OS programs some games) PSU: Corsair 600 Watts   Budget: Well this is hard part like 500-700 dolars depending on CPU(thats why the range explaining below)  My opinion. Since i have old CPU(maybe causing the issue) i also need new MB and RAMs. So budget include those things. Now i am considering Intel Core I5-8400 or Intel Core I7-8700. Beetween those there is around 200 dolars different(reason for 500-700 budget). I am not sure if the power of I7 is worthy to spend money on it for what i am doing on pc most of times.  Last words: So i want to buy new HW for next 4-5 years. Also i dont like CPU with K version, because i neder do overclokings and i like coolers that comes with CPU(good experince Intel-3550p). In same time i am not fan of AMD i had bad experinece with them  Anyway thank you for reading, any relpy and have a nice day!
I have 2 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070, one of them is ASUS GeForce GTX 1070 ROG STRIX, and the other is ASUS DUAL GTX 1070. I have a HB Bridge which I am not able to connect because the strix one is wider than dual. I have placed the strix one in the 1st PCIe slot and then the dual one in the 2nd one, I cannot put the strix one in 2nd slot as my cabinet's hard disk bay blocks it. The only way to connect the bridge is to put the dual one 1st and the strix one 2nd. I need a cabinet that is large enough to support in this configuration. My PC Details: Cabinet - Antec GX500 Window Mobo - ASUS Z170 PROGAMING.
I'm going to upgrade a laptop Asus N750JK and plug additional memory in it. My goal is to have maximum available capacity installed, but the specs of the laptop seem to contradict with the specs of the CPU that it has installed (max 32 GB on Intel site vs max 16 GB on Asus). I previously already run into a situation when manufacturer specs are somewhat wrong, but not sure if the motherboard designed so that laptop can see memory more than 16 GB.   In order to figure it out i would like to buy 1 x 16 GB RAM chip, and mix it with existing 2 GB chip, and if the laptop can recognize both, i'll plug another 16 GB RAM, otherwise i can just leave a single 16 GB chip. The problem is that Asus specs also imply in context, that each slot can take up to 8 GB, so i will probably waste my money and time without any luck. Is there any way to check if this laptop supports at least one 16 GB RAM chip without buying it and having it in my hands?
Im looking into buying a new 50 inch 4K HDR Tv for gaming and general television functions.   I really like the Panasonic DX802b but my main concern (although it is HDR ready) is that it will soon be overlooked my newer OLED models that are coming down in price while this tv is still using LED technology.  The 802b is getting great reviews online and for £800 here in the UK it seems like a bargain.   With a budget of about £1000 (roughly about $1340) will this be a good investment for the next 4-5 years?  Thanks for any advice
I'm trying to build a custom machine with the following specs:    MSI Z270 SLI Plus motherboard NVIDIA 1080-Ti GTX GPU Intel i7-7700 CPU 4 x 16GB Kingston HyperX RAM cards  Ubuntu 16.04 OS    I haven't had great luck with this MSI MoBo and am considering buying another board. Any recommendations from fellow data science / crypto nerds out there? I hate calling support when I'm having an issue and being told "technically we only support Windows..."
Since I have my son I record looooots of 4k videos. By default it take about 400 MB per minute. Thoses videos are recorded with an iPhone or a Galaxy S7. So the phones are not powerful enough to compress with a better bitrate.  My i7 2600k with ffmpeg is able to encode about 2 FPS. It's way too long. So I am looking for a graphical card able to accelerate encoding in HEVC / x265. I have notice lot's of NVENC GPU, but they seams to be made to be able to encode in real time with the drawback of having big file size : with GPU acceleration the CRF option of ffmpeg is usually not available. Because it use an other process and the compression is not as powerful than with a software encoding. So the file is not as tiny as it would be with software compression.  So is there GPU card able to encode in HEVC with the CRF option of ffmpeg to keep a specific quality for a better video size please? I don't need real time encoding, but 2 FPS is really too slow.   I can use other encoder than ffmpeg as long as they run under Linux.  If I can stay around 250 €, maximum 500€ it would be nice. Because I will buy this GPU only for the video encoding.  Thank you,  A.
A few months ago I invested in 3x 4K displays 3x(3840x2160). They have connectivity for HDMI and DisplayPort 1.2  What might sound crazy is that I don't have a workstation to drive them, so currently I'm driving two of them from my work laptop.  I want to invest in a Microsoft Surface Book 2 but I fear this lacks the connectivity I require for external displays, plus I'm not sure whether a discrete GTX 1050 /w 2GB GDDR5 will be sufficient for the displays, and that's only if I buy the top of the range model.  Is there anything like the Razer Core v2 external graphics unit that I can get for the surface book?
I've implemented this kind of component in my web application for the user to be able to make on-screen signatures:    This might be comfortable to use in touch-enabled devices, so as the user can use his finger or a kind of stick to draw the signature. However, it would be more difficult to do it using the mouse when he's in a PC.  So my question is, is there any device which writes directly in the screen in a mouse-like behaviour? I've seen those signature sets which seem to output a bitmap (that's not what I want).  The way to use it would be:   User enters the drawing zone in his browser using his mouse. User takes the electronic pen and draws the signature using the mouse pointer.   Think of it as a USB pluggable pen, its ballpoint would both move the pointer and simulate a left-click of the ordinary mouse.   Everything should be possible using the same PC and with the electronic pen device having priority over the mouse for controlling the pointer.
I'm setting up a storage server in a typical (albeit very large) computer case. I have like 20 2 TB SATA hard drives, and I want to connect all of them to one motherboard. The most ports I found on a consumer motherboard was 15. Is there some sort of way to get like 20 SATA ports from USB C or PCIe? I don't mind slower speeds because I have SSDs to handle high-speed uploads, and most of the time I am accessing the data from a computer connected through ethernet, which has proved manageable with slower drives. Thanks for the help!
I know this question is vague but I'm trying to find a way to connect regular speakers with red and black connectors to my PC and be able to adjust fade (front and back), in addition to balance, for four speakers.   Please suggest any hardware or software required to do so.   At this time, it does not need to be OS specific.   Thanks.
A high definition video is needed to be streamed out from a highly movable platform with a range of 5 meters. What do I need? both hardware and software. In the movable platform there is a PC and on the ground an LCD is preferable. The cost is important.  Explanation: The movable platform is flight simulator for gaming purposes, in which a PC is embedded. That is, in the transmitter, we have a PC with all its peripherals like USB, PCI, etc. We need to stream out the output of the game and see it on an LCD. Outside of the movable platform, we need to see the streaming video with lowest possible cost in an LCD. One way is to install a PC outside the movable platform and use a VNC to transmit the streaming video. However, it seems that implementing these requirements with lower cost is also possible.  One strict restriction: -THE CABLE CANNOT BE USED.
I'm looking for a compact MicroSD card adapter with multiple slots to enable simultaneous access to at least two (preferrably more) MicroSD cards.  In essence: multiple MicroSD card readers in a single device.  The idea is to access multiple large-capacity cards at the same time using a single device rather than using a USB switch with separate adapters.  Here is an example of an adapter than can read and write from two cards simultaneously: https://www.amazon.com/Cateck-USB3-0-4-Slot-Reader-Micro/dp/B01J5651NA
I use my 2.5  HDD's as external storages, and I use such simple plug :    You see, it has only 1 line and it's enough to power HDD and to read/write at the same time. However, that seems not possible with 3.5 HDD's (desktop hard drives, which i wanted to use as external storage using USB plug), because it doesnt seem to be working, i suspect, USB cant provide enough power to power it, and I have to use such inconvenient  appliance -  .  Is there any way to use 3.5 HDD with just USB plugs? I have seen dual-usb plug:   but it seems cant make  3.5hdd to power still (i have tried)..
I am choosing a processor for a new PC for parallel floating point computations in R. My tasks are very like Monte Carlo simulations, so the performance is nearly proportional to the number of cores at a fixed frequency. I am not going to overclock the processor. I am choosing between Ryzen 1700 and Core i5-8600k or something of a similar price. What would be the best choice?
Recently I using Quad Core Q8400 with Asus P5g41t - mlx within FSP Aurum 650 Watt 80 Gold plus. OS Windows 10.  I've planning to upgrade my processor to xeon X5470. I used my desktop to design graphic.  According to this site said Q8400 is the winner. In fact, from the technical specification they are different. I thought X5470 should be the winner.  From ark intel site, Q8400 have specification like this bellow :  Product Collection Legacy Intel® Core™ Processors Code Name Products formerly Yorkfield Vertical Segment Desktop Processor Number Q8400 Status End of Interactive Support Launch Date Q2'09 Lithography 45 nm Recommended Customer Price $179.00 Performance # of Cores 4 Processor Base Frequency 2.66 GHz Cache 4 MB L2 Bus Speed 1333 MHz FSB FSB Parity No TDP 95 W VID Voltage Range   And X5470 are bellow   Product Collection Legacy Intel® Xeon® Processors Code Name Products formerly Harpertown Vertical Segment Server Processor Number X5470 Status End of Life Launch Date Q3'08 Expected Discontinuance Q4'2010 Lithography 45 nm Recommended Customer Price $1467.00 Performance # of Cores 4 Processor Base Frequency 3.33 GHz Cache 12 MB L2 Bus Speed 1333 MHz FSB FSB Parity Yes TDP 120 W VID Voltage Range 0.850V-1.3500V   However why CPUBoss said the Q8400 is winner? Which one the best? if its worth it to upgrade to xeon x5470? Why the price of Q8400 is still expensive if we got the better performance on cheap price? Let say core 2 extreme QX9650 is still more expensive than xeon X5470.  Last but not least, I know x5470 designed to LGA 771 Chipset. My Motherboard on LGA 775. Is it safe to use modded processor? Do i need to update BIOS because recently I've view from Youtube and do some update bios.
My notebook stopped working and, seen that I mainly use it as a desktop computer, I'd rather buy a desktop computer this time.  This leaves me with the need to buy a tablet, that will be used for the following tasks:   Reading PDF files. The task involves continuonusly switching between different pages (views) and files, without hyperlinks. Showing pictures to people. Browsing the Internet, in wi-fi covered areas (and possibly on a stand). Mom will probably browse recipes while cooking, I hope she won't smear the poor thing with food. Writing in sites like this one. Use my desktop PC through some app.   The only one that is really necessary is the first one, most others I can do at the desktop PC if necessary. As a consequence, I have been suggested to aim for at least 10" and good resolution. Note how I don't need a camera or phone connectivity and I don't care much about weight or to how the device looks.  I would like to spend as low as I can without sacrificing durability.  The device will be used at home mainly, so a battery that does not degrade over time is better than a battery that lasts a lot for each single charge (and then, power banks to the rescue if it needs be).  The item must be available for sale via Internet, from a reliable supplier (I consider Amazon to be reliable).    Feel free to ask me for more details if needed.
I'm looking to buy a new 4K TV.    It should be fairly large, above 50", but I don't care if it's 55" or 65" or whatever. The TV should support at least 3840x2160 at 60Hz with HDR on at least 2 inputs. As how there aren't any TVs with DisplayPort, the next best thing is HDMI, I want at least 5 HDMI ports, at least 2 of them being HDMI 2.1 or 2.0a/b and supporting 4K input at 60Hz. I do not care if it is a "smart" TV or not. Obviously inexpensive is preferable.   If you know TV that comes close to meeting these requirements but not quite (like only 4 HDMI ports or just under 50") then feel free to post it too.
Are there any large 4K TVs on the market which have USB Type-C inputs? USB Type-C can carry a DisplayPort signal so a TV could use it for the video signal. A quick Google search for this does not turn up many results. I found that many people have said that HDMI is the standard for TVs and nobody wants USB Type-C or DisplayPort on TVs. However, I definitely do want this feature.  Rather than debating whether it's in demand or not, I would like to know: Are there any available?
I've noticed Apple screens (desktop and ipads) and recent laptops (including non Apple) produce better picture than any LCD monitors I can find. What kind of monitors should I look for that have same picture quality?
I need to replace my trusty macbook air 11 because it's 7 years old and only has 2GB RAM but I'm struggling to find a replacement. I need enough power to run SQL server and Visual Studio and I'd rather go for a windows laptop (at the moment I'm dual-booting)  The problem is I'm reluctant to go any bigger than my current one - the dell XPS 13 seems much too large, but all the 11 inch windows laptops seem to be cheap and low-powered  It's for occasional "emergency" development and support purposes so doesn't have to be that powerful, but I think a cheap 11 inch one would only have a limited lifespan (both in terms of reliability and hardware spec) and I'd rather pay more for something that will get me through another 7 years.  TIA for any recommendations
I seem to have endless problems with inkjet printers, and I'm not entirely sure why. I'm well aware that the whole printer market works on a topsy-turvey model driven by selling as much expensive ink refills as possible, but that doesn't wholly explain the issues.  I don't, generally, use a printer very often. When I wanted to, it seemed almost every time it would complain about some shortage of ink and refuse to print. If I wanted a grayscale output, it'd fail to print because it was out of cyan or something. If I wanted to print an image in black and white, it'd fail because the larger black "text" cartridge was empty. To get things to work, I had to buy a whole new set of cartiridges every few documents, which seemed ludicrous.  I tried buying well-reviewed printers and that didn't seem to make any difference. Then I read somewhere that inkjet printers had a problem with infrequent use - the ink dried out. That seemed to explain the issue. However the recommended solution - a laser printer - wasn't helpful. I could afford one, but they're too big to fit anywhere in my modest house. Miniature ones seem not to exist.  Speaking to friends and family however, made me doubt myself. No-one else seems to have these problems with inkjet printers. Was it me, trying to refil them with budget inks? I don't know any more.  As my kids have gotten older, they've needed a printer at home more and more frequently, and my inkjets have always failed them. Now my current model (a Canon) has actually bust and I need a new one. Ideally it will have a built in scanner too. But most of all I just want a printer that I can go to and use when needed - even if there are large gaps between use - and have it work!   I am happy to pay a premium for this if necessary, and I am happy to pay for a laser printer if one exists that's about the same size as a large inkjet.
I am trying to build a new streaming PC (from scratch) for a long-time streamer with a really old configuration.  Basic needs are:   Fluid encoding at 1080p 60fps (8+ hours per day!) Gaming at 1080p 144hz for any game   I am quite confused with CPU choice. Is more cores a good thing for live video encoding? As money is not an issue, we could very well go for i9-7980xe cpu, but how worth is it? As for GPU, we thought about:    Titan V 2x 1080Ti SLI Single 1080Ti   An important concern is that is must be relatively simple to setup (like we don't want any SLI bug or whatever). So I'm thinking single 1080Ti should be enough?  Also, bonus questions if you have time:  What are your thoughts on RAM frequency? What should we aim for ? What is a good, big, solid, dust proof case on the market?  Thanks a lot in advance for your help Ben
I'm currently building a Qi-compatible receiver for my Raspberry Pi 3, but I still want it to have a port for a regular power supply. Is there any "splitter" out there that plugs into the micro-usb power port on the Raspberry Pi 3 and splits it into two micro-usb ports for power?
I'm looking to buy an 8+ bay, rackmount NAS device.  One of the features I'd like is full drive encryption using self encrypting drives (SEDs) and a trusted platform module (TPM).  Does anyone make such a thing?  Synology does not.  It's looking like Seagate does not either (which is weird, since they manufacture SEDs).
I'm experiencing disconnects from my wireless network which my administrator claims is due to a poor wireless card in my laptop (currently a Qualcomm Atheros AR9485WB-EG if relevant). My laptop is approaching 3 years old, so I'm getting a new one, but the main purpose of this new purchase is to improve connectivity.  The problem is that I don't know how to choose a wireless card. There are oddly no guides for this - for example a guide to buying a computer might say "get this, or that if you can afford it" but there's nothing for wireless cards. I don't know how to tell which wireless card is better given two cards - e.g. if "Intel AC 7265 dual-band adapter" is better than the one I have. The wireless card also doesn't seem to be something that's always given in tech specs, and I even saw one manufacturer respond to a customer query about the wireless card with "It will be either a Qualcomm Atheros 802.11b/802.11g/802.11n/802.11ac, or Intel 7265.NGWG.W 802.11ac, 802.11n, 802.11w, StPA, StPS, WMM, WFD, Wi-Fi direct. This is subject to change depending on availability at the time of manufacture." -- what?? (the part I'm most incredulous about italicized)  What guidelines are there to picking a wireless card? How do I tell if one card is superior to another? I'm definitely willing to pay more for a good card here, but I still need to know how to identify them.  Details: budget - no budget (I'm under the impression wifi cards are cheap, too). I haven't bought a laptop yet so I can't give any more details. For recommendations, since I can't tell if one card is better than another, I can only look at other models that satisfy my requirements, which is currently:   Gaming laptop that will be able to play new games for 3+ years, even if not necessarily at highest settings Prefer 15" screen size, 17" is also OK No requirements on weight and battery life (as long as it's longer than 2 hours, anyway) Budgeting about $1250 USD, possibly higher if the specs are right   But all these are secondary to wifi connectivity. Since I can't identify what's a good wifi card yet, I can only look at the other requirements, which I can find guides for. Currently looking at this laptop and this one (Amazon doesn't list the wifi card for this computer, but this is the one for which Acer provided the quote above about wifi cards changing depending on availability).
Due to the fact that my old EeePC is next to end of life (which was running with Ubuntu for 7 years) I plan to buy a similar small device as replacement.  Thereby, my focus lies in the Detachable/Convertible 2in1 type of tablet. But not the ones were you flip the keyboard 360 degree around. I recoginzed that on most of the current devices the Linux support is very limited and google only gives my results for more than 3 year old devices where it works.  So does anybody can suggest such a device, like the Lenovo Miix 320, which works properly with linux, (some hacks during install are ok, but touch screen, battery state, sound, and Wifi should work) and is state of the art (not a device of pre 2016).
I am looking for a cell phone with very long battery life. I value long battery life so much that I am willing to sacrifice every feature except for:   Basic calling/texting abilities Modern (html5) web browsing abilities (Must be able to play YouTube, Vimeo, check account balances, browse Wikipedia, etc.) Would like for it to at least be able to pinpoint my location and show it to me, but turn-by-turn navigation is not needed (i don't even use it when available as eyeballing the map is easy enough) Must be capable of syncing transferring photograph & audio files to and from Ubuntu   I do not care about the operating system or form factor as long as it gets the job done.
I am looking at a combo on NewEgg, https://www.newegg.com/Product/ComboBundleDetails.aspx?ItemList=Combo.3579279,  that has the following pieces:   Intel Core i7-7700K Kaby Lake Quad-Core 4.2 GHz ASRock Z270 KILLER SLI/AC MB CORSAIR Vengeance LPX 16GB DDR4 3000 Phanteks Eclipse P400 Series Case EVGA 700 B1 100-B1-0700-K1 700W PSU 250GB SSD, CM H100i V2 Cooler   I am a bit confused because the i7 and the ASRock motherboard both specify DDR4 2400 RAM.  Looking at other questions I found a link to the Crucial memory and one of the suggested alternatives is Ballistix Tactical 4GB DDR4-2666 UDIMM.  Is the speed, such as DDR4 2400 just a suggestion and faster can be used or what?
I can't seem to find any certified cables over 10ft let alone the few that specify a version.  Preferably I need one that is > 10ft but could be <= 15ft.  At minimum it just needs to support 1.2a but I'd prefer 1.3 or 1.4.  My GPU supports 1.4 but current monitor only supports 1.2 (& AMD FreeSync).  Cable needs to support 2560x1440@60.
I bought the HP Pavilion Slimline as an editing computer for my videos (which I record off of my PS4), but I want to get in to PC gaming. I only need to run CS:GO at 720p (hopefully under $100). Here are the specs:   Intel Quad-Core Pentium J3710 4GB RAM Intel HD Graphics   And it has an external 90w power supply.
I am looking for suggestions for laptops (ultrabooks are also okay, as long as they meet the requirements):  The requirements are the following:   Intel Kaby Lake "8th" Gen Minimum 16GB, if it can be expanded to 32GB even better NVMe 512 minimum, 1TB if it can be upgraded Windows precision drivers for trackpad   So far, I am able to find a few that match the above, however, the next part is where I am having difficulties:   nVidia 1060/1070; or some other video configuration that will allow me to play medium requirement games (like WoW and other Blizzard titles) at maximum quality without clipping or lag. 14" maximum display size - I need to carry it everyday, so a heavy 15" is out of the question, unless its very portable. Should be minimum full-hd, if its QHD or UHD even better Touch / Pen is not a requirement Matte display (nice to have, but if it has some other form of anti-glare then its okay, what I absolutely don't want is a glossy display) Must be able to sustain at least 7 hours on battery Backlit keyboard Reliable build USB-C charging Thunderbolt 3.1 (dual channel support - the maximum bandwidth possible) Must be able to support 32" (3840x2160 resolution) monitor with DP   So far what I have looked at:   13" Dell XPS   I currently use the previous edition of this laptop (the non 8th gen), everything is okay except in less than a year I have had to replace the battery and the keyboard; plus my unit has some finishing issues like it will not sit level on the desk. I am not sold on the fit and finish of it either.  Surface Book   I almost settled on the 15" one since its portable enough, but then I read reviews that the USB-C is only half-width and that the power adapter cannot charge the device if you are utilizing the hardware fully (especially with the dedicated VGA)  X1 Carbon / Yoga   A few colleagues have these, but the CPU + GPU is not what I want; other than that these are great  Razer 14 / Blade   Not sure about the build quality of these or if they are suitable.
The ASUS ROG GX700VO has the following specs   Intel i7 6820HK Processor RAM up to DDR4 2800MHz   The "Memory Types" of Intel i7 6820HK are stated as "DDR4-2133, LPDDR3-1866, DDR3L-1600", meaning to say the CPU can only support up to RAM speed of 2133. Isnt it a bit overkill to have a DDR4 up to 2800MHz?
I am looking for a machine to use as a home server for a few TB of files. I don't have a lot of physical room so I am looking for the most compact machine as possible. It is currently not possible to find 2.5-inch drives that can store several terabytes, so the PC should be able to receive one (or several) 3.5-inch drives. I want to install a few applications on it (media server for example), so a NAS is not a solution. I also don't have enough time to allocate for learning new OSes, and will stick to a Windows machine for now. Finally since I intend to leave the machine running constantly, a low power consumption, and silent design (fanless) are the last requirements.    What is the most compact PC that fulfills those conditions (silent, several TB storage, runs media servers smoothly)?
I'm looking for a m-iitx motherboard that supports registered ecc memory on the ryzen chipset.  Does it exist?
Overview  I am trying to build a PC for high-res video editing (2K and a bit of 4K with Premiere Pro), audio manipulation, general use, and a touch of gaming. I want it to look cool, but not sacrifice money or performance for looks. I have done some research and found some parts that I might use, but I need advice to continue. I will probably not overclock my PC.  Part List  I made a part list on PCPartPicker, which is here.  Questions   Would you recommend getting thermal paste like this for the CPU? Are there any other suggested parts? Is there a way to keep it as good as it is but make it cheaper? A friend told me I could use a 1070 graphics card instead of a 1080. Would the difference be noticeable?
I teach high school English. Lots of papers to grade. Students submit electronically, through an online service; the LMS we use is, shall we say, limited. Grading essays online is extremely cumbersome and slow, with tons of interminable pointing and clicking. (There are NO keyboard shortcuts in the LMS.) I think I can partly ameliorate the process by moving to Google Docs for the grading process, since it has at least some keyboard shortcuts, but I want to look for a hardware element to increase efficiency further. Basically, I want to be able to:   navigate through a document quickly and precisely. highlight text quickly and precisely. program the controller to keyboard shortcuts in Google Docs and Chrome. key in text for comments quickly and precisely.  program in canned comments (for the stuff I say over and over again) tab over to the virtual gradebook (a separate online service) to enter the student's grade. possibly do some other stuff that I'm not thinking of just now.   I've been looking around at game controllers, video editing controllers, etc., for ideas; someone suggested I look into macro keypads. I don't know much about any of these devices, so I'm looking for recommendations. My dream would be to never touch the mouse; I understand that that may not be feasible.  Other requirements   I would be willing to pay up to 200USD, but naturally I'd love to do this for less if possible. Whatever it is has to connect via USB and be Mac-compatible.
I was on the verge of buying a new computer when meltdown and spectre were made public. I've read about how the software fix can cause a 5 to 30% slowdown. In light of that, I would like to buy a professor that is unaffected. I assume Intel still does not have a new processor that is unagfected.  Is there a safe processor yet, or do I need to wait?  I haven't been able to find any information on when the processor companies will have unaffected processors.
I was having issues with my PC so I cracked the tower open. In the process of my investigation I looked at my eSATA card and noticed on the opposite side of the circuit board from the capacitor it appears to have been some dried up substance.    I believe this issue is unrelated to my original problem, but is this something to be concerned with - and does this warrant a new eSATA card?  Here it the top, with the capacitor in question.
Background (not the question)  I'm not a hacker, I'm a terribly lazy guy who prefers to download 10 GB Virtual Machine (1 click) than to install a few packages to get software running (stuff never works for me the first time).  I'm spending Xmas with my family and I wanted to synchronise Monero blockchain. Monero uses anonymous protocol I2P and as it was synchronising my WiFi was dropping, now it cannot connect at all.  I speculate ISP is observing the packets an does not like privacy stuff and has banned my MAC address.  (phone and another laptop connected to the same WiFi are working just fine)  Question: looking for a powerful external WiFi dongle  Additional use case - 1 hour WiFi limits at the aiport - yes please. I'm not a hacker, so https://www.aircrack-ng.org/doku.php?id=cracking_wpa is slightly outside my technical expertise.  Which dongle to buy?  EDIT / UPDATE: Changing MAC address works like a charm. Now I can connect to my home WiFi. I still want to buy an external WiFi adapter, this time around the main criterium is POWER and readily available external antenna. Use case: I sit in a nuclear bunker faraday cage workspace and have 10m USB extension with my WiFi card attached.
I want to build a PC with my son.  Or rather, at some point have it so he gets to build it (I'm thinking of torturing him by re-formatting Linux every so often and having him reinstall it).  I'd like to do with it mini-ITX for a number of reasons, one of which is that he could take it over to his mom's on alternate weeks.  I have build PCs from scratch before, but a long time ago, on full size desktops.  I'm also fairly comfortable with Linux installs.  Here are some criteria/considerations for me:   Relatively cheap to start out with, but room to improve or swap components. based on Linux, so hardware needs to support it.  Don't want really spiffy feature set that needs Windows drivers to work.  Related to that - a mobo/chipset that doesn't require extreme UEFI mangling before it will boot from a Linux boot USB. gaming?  Light gaming, possibly via Steam and possibly output to a 1080p TV via HDMI (1.3?).  I also have big gaming monitor.  But first we need to get working. I'd prefer a motherboard with some basic onboard GPU, but allowing me to add a better discrete GPU later on (that's related to #1 and #3). Still relatively small, because he should be able to take the box itself, minus peripherals, with him to his mom. AMD?  Even before the recent security mess, I was thinking of them, just because I like them.  But I think I saw people being concerned about the quality/cost of AMD Ryzen minit-ITX boards. High speed support for external HDDs (offline backups) - USB3 or eSata. low power, relatively silent, even if that clashes a bit with the (light) gaming. Finally, quality, quality, quality, rather than just features.  I'd never recommend ACER over ASUS in laptops for example, that's just my own personal prejudices. Peripherals.  What about a console-style controller or wireless mouse and keyboards, esp if it's being used with the TV.  Anything to be careful about?   Share some pointers or war stories?  I'm not so much asking for detailed parts list as general considerations of what to look out for from people who've done this and the reasoning that would lead you to choose one class of components over another.  Edit: budget 400-600$ preferably, not including monitor, keyboard and mouse.  To an extent, I'm good with used, and we have some really good donation places - rather get good stuff at core, w cheap secondary stuff that I can swap out later.  A cheap used, or new, GPU would be OK too, I can always update it later.
I am looking for a very compact single board computer(SBC), that has at least two usb hosts, a low power consumption and ideally a thin form factor.  I want to run to make a usb2.0 scientific camera wireless using a virtual usb client (https://www.virtualhere.com) which will compress (LZ4) and transmit the information via wifi. I have measured the usb data rate, it is about 23.5 megabytes/second. Thus, a wifi-ac dongle, connected to the SBC should be adequate for this purpose. Since I do not want the camera to share the USB host with the wifi dongle, I will need at least two usb hosts. Since the whole unit will be powered by a lion phone battery (with a voltage converter to 5V), ideally I am looking for a low power consumption.  Since the SBC will be mounted on the back of the camera, I would like a board with a thin form factor.... although I guess I can de-solder some of the connectors.  If anyone has any suggestions they would be greatly appreciated.  I should add that I am already aware of the Khadas VIM.  Also I have looked at SBCs with Allwinner system on-chip H3 and H5 variants e.g the banana pi, orange pi and nano pi.... but I am not sure which have lower power consumption.
I am looking to buy a monitor for around €130. It doesn't have to have 75hz refresh rate or a VA-panel, TN also suits my needs, but it needs to be at least 24" (or 23.8") and have a resolution of at least 1080p.
I want to buy a voip telephone device, through which I can make cheap international calls. This is possible over various iPhone and Android apps, but since the calls are mostly from the office, I would like to buy a dedicated device for the same.  The device should have a capability to connect to the internet using wifi or an ethernet port ( prefer ethernet port, since the phone will be permanently on the desk )   I found a manual from the provider ( where I have made an account and enabled the SIP server settings ) - https://www.dialnow.com/sip. But, I cant quite understand which kind of device I should buy.
I have a heating controller hidden in a cupboard which is itself hidden at the back of a cupboard filled with file boxes... it is a pain to remove dozens of file boxes and a couple of shelves just to be able to see the controller LEDs.  Maybe a webcam is a solution, but there are some constraints:   I have only 12 cm between the inside surface of inner cupboard door and the front of the control panel. Somehow the camera thickness lens-to-back plus its minimum (almost) focussed distance has to fit in 12 cm. The inner cupboard is in total darkness apart from the LEDs I'm trying to monitor.   NEEDS:  Mac compatible  90° viewing angle (could survive with around 70° but this omits the non-critical "pump on" LED.  NICE TO HAVE:  So cool if the cam could connect to my WiFi, but USB power & data will do.  DON'T CARES:  Blurred image due to imperfect close-focus: I only need to differentiate between  On / Off / 2Hz flashing LED and between Red or Yellow on each of the six critical LEDs  Hi-Res: I only need enough definition to determine which LEDs are doing what.  Frame rate: I only need to see the 2 Hz flash -- 4 fps should do that.  OPTIONS:  I have no issue to drill through the 1.3cm inner door if there is some alternative device (a video door peep-hole for example). I have any amount of space OUTSIDE the inner-cupboard door.  So there you have it: thin webcam with close focus ability on high-contrast scene (bright LED in total darkness).  Suggestions?? Thanks Chris
I am looking for recommendations for a sound system for our new office. It has to have at least 4 zones with at least an input from each zone and be able to run 10 "ceiling speakers". I want to control it with apps, Bluetooth, and network computers.  I will be doing all the low voltage in the new office, and I have never set up a sound system before so I want some recommendations. I would like a system that has an app so It can be controlled from anywhere in the office and I also want to be able to add wireless speakers if needed.  I will be running cat6 drops to the Data room so if the speakers need LAN connections I can dedicate those to them or I can use speaker wires. I just need a little guidance in the right direction, If I have to create a subnetwork for the Audio Receiver that would be not a problem at all.
I plan on installing a security camera on my house.  I want the security camera to be wide-angle so that it can capture my porch, driveway, and sidewalk all on video.  My house is two stories with 9 foot ceilings, with a slab that's roughly 3 feet high in the front. So the eve of the roof is approximately 25 feet above ground level at the front of the house -- this is about the height the camera will be mounted at.  I'm on the edge of a cul-de-sac, so while one corner of my house is about 30 feet from the curb, the other corner is nearly 50 feet from the curb. This longer corner is where my driveway is located - making my whole driveway from garage to street nearly 50 feet.  I want this camera to be able to identify a human subject in low-light conditions (night time or rain) at any point on my property -- meaning the maximum distance will be 50-60 feet from the camera.  For this purpose, what type of camera should I be looking at? Is 1080p sufficient, or do I need to spring for 4K?
I want to buy a pedal box for my digital piano. What is the best one for a Thomann piano? I need it to have a big single cable that goes under the keyboard (not the classic "headphone" jack). Also, I would prefer one that has "half-damper" effect.
I'd like to build a homebrewed tablet-style device that can run an Ubuntu-ish OS pretty well. The easy solution for a DIY computer is the Raspberry Pi, since it has reasonable power and supports myriad customization, but it's too chunky for what I'm planning. Here's my wish-list of requirements:   Thin overall architecture - I'm thinking about 1/2" thick at most, and less is better Around 1.2GHz processor or better - I want it to be able to run a light GUI with good responsiveness, not having to constantly wait for input to get recognized 2GB of RAM would be great, obviously more is better Micro SD slot for OS (onboard memory for the OS would be fine too, as long as I can expand it with a card) Ability to attach a simple touchscreen - I can flex on this, if it can run a screen but can't do touch then I'll deal with it At least one free micro USB port - I'm flexible on power options, as long as it can be charging/powered while having a free port Built-in wifi (preferably also Bluetooth) HDMI-out would be a bonus but isn't required Low-budget is preferred since I'll be building a lot of it myself, but I'm willing to spend a couple hundred if something really fits the bill   I'm expecting to have to do a lot of modification myself, and I'll be designing my own case (unless there's a commercial one that suits my needs). Pretty much what I'm hoping for is a slimmer RPi with the same power, just fewer ports. I know there's the Pi Zero W but its significantly reduced power and memory are too constricting. What other options are there?
I see cheap NFC rings on eBay and elsewhere. I was wondering if there is a very cheap NFC reader which I could use to detect such a ring and use it as an HID keyboard (probably over USB) to input my Windows, and hopefully Linux, password.
Can a laptop with a AMD or Intel CPU, an AMD GPU and a Thunderbolt port connect to an external GPGPU box with a NVidia card?    The code to run on the external GPU could be either OpenCL or CUDA based.
I want to buy notebook for programming. I am Android developer and work in Android Studio. So now I choose between to models Lenovo.    Lenovo IdeaPad 520-15IKB (80YL00LXRA)   15.6" IPS (1920x1080) Full HD, / Intel Core i5-8250U (1.6 - 3.4 ГГц) / RAM 16 GB / HDD 1 TB + SSD 128 GB / nVidia GeForce MX150, 4 GB   Lenovo IdeaPad 520-15IKB (81BF00EGRA) - more expensive (about 80-100$)   15.6" IPS (1920x1080) Full HD,/ Intel Core i7-8550U (1.8 - 4.0 ГГц) / RAM 16 GB/ HDD 1 TB + SSD 128 GB/ nVidia GeForce MX150, 4 GB  What do you think about that models? Does it make sense to take a laptop that is more expensive (81BF00EGRA) because of a better processor? Or propose please some others notebooks. I want that Android Studio will work very fast, because now it's very slow :) Thank you!
I recently discovered that my laptop's USB Type C port doesn't support display so I'm looking to get an external graphics adapter that will add a 3rd monitor for me (I have an HDMI port but nothing else for video).  I saw some on Amazon, but don't know if they support Ubuntu. My laptop has USB 3 so I'm looking for an adapter that uses that as it has more speed to it.  in case you're curious about the laptop in question its a ASUS VivoBook Pro 17 N705UQ
I want to upgrade my Lenovo Z500 from 6GB to 8GB of RAM, but all the numbers confuse me.  What are memory channels? Does dual channel 800 Mhz equal 1600 Mhz? Do I want DDR3 PC3 or PC3L? How many pins? Is brand important?  Here's a screenshot of my current memory configuration:
I am looking for a tablet/convertible pc for my aunt and I am undecided what to get. The main usage would be navigation and Word processing, occasionally some light photoshop/illustrator work.  I got interesting offers for a Microsoft Surface Pro 3 - i5 model (used, 2 y.o.), a new Asus T300Chi and a used Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S, respectively $340 the first one and $390 each for the Asus and the Samsung devices.  Looking at the specifications, I would definitely go for the Surface or the Samsung tab, however I am worried it could turn out to be a bad investment as the battery easily degrades and cannot be replaced; being already 2 years old, the expected remaining lifetime is quite limited.  Requirements would be at least 4GB of RAM, 64+GB of hard disk storage, possibly SSD, and 11-12 inches of screen size. Except WiFi, everything else is just a plus (BT, full-size USB ports, stylus, etc.). Budget-wise my limit is $450 including shipping, even though for used items I prefer to see them in person to run hardware tests.  Anyway, what would be your suggestions? Thank you
I'm looking for a wired in-ear earphones that has volume control and is compatible with iPhone 6 and later. I'm aware that the prices of earphones with volume control can shoot up really quickly, so would appreciate best-value recommendations. Thanks.
I want to set up a VPN network: client + server because i'm often connected to unsecured wifi network.  -When the client is connected, all HTTP / HTTPS traffic must pass through the VPN -The client can be software (openVNP) or hardware (router) -The server must be a device purchased and specially designed for this purpose without any firmware modification.  For the client, I will use OpenVPN as beginning (later a router as clientVPN). And for the server I thought of this: https://www.linksys.com/us/p/P-LRT214/  What do you think about the server ? Any advice is welcome.  Note: i'm working under windows
I want a camera appropriate for shooting:   50% buildings/landscapes 20% food and small objects the size of an orange 20% groups of people (parties, street scenes) 10% portraits   ... under these conditions:   60% outside during day 20% outside during night (I don't expect great results at night) 20% inside   Required:   GPS (geolocation stored in EXIF) Reliable Android app to pull a picture Manual exposure setting, up to several seconds (in addition to automatic) Stores pictures on SD card The best picture definition/quality the better Maximum $400 USD   Would be great:   Resistant to rain Optical zoom to take acceptable pictures of both a castle 1 kilometer away, and an apple on a restaurant table. I don't think I would have enough motivation to carry different lenses.   Not really necessary but would be nice:   Flash Android app allows to remotely take a picture
[Background]  I'm currently building an application to show alarm information on a screen for our local fire department. Because of legal reasons, I am not allowed to use software to receive the fax (although there will be a Fritzbox which seems to be magically excluded from this limitation :) ) using a software solution. After being received the fax gets processed using OCR and parsed. A cloud solution is not an option. I know that my Fritzbox can receive a fax and send it as an email, but as far as I know, it cannot send it as an email while still forwarding it to the original fax device.  [Question]  Seems like I need a fax device which can both print the received fax and save it to some digital storage like a network drive or email (to a local mail server) at the same time. Saving to a USB drive is not enough for obvious reasons. I'm open for other solutions. If there is a different device (like a router) that allows this, let me know.
I need an small device with bluetooth that has to do the following:   Have an accelerometer attached and read his data. After x seconds, send the accelerometer data to the paired device over bluetooth.   The device has to be small and portable. I've found the following ones, but I don't know if they suit well or not: Micro:bit BBC, Lilypad Simblee.  What other alternatives I have?
I'm trying to set up wireless network at my home. I've been given a router Zyxel Keentic Extra for my birthday as I didn't have any. It looks like this router isn't enough to cover all my flat. It has kind of unsuitable layout for Wi-Fi including thick wall in the middle that cuts down more then a half of the signal. I think there're two possibilities (which are basically the same): either I need to buy/make repeater for my Zyxel or get something ready like Netgear Orbi. What hardware should I use for extending Wi-Fi network? Is there any routers with "super powerful" antennas, so it would be able to deliver good signal in problem spots? Here's my flat
We have a need to split (duplicate) a signal and send the complete signal to two destinations simultaneously.  The case is that we want to record an audio stream uncompressed as part of a study.  One of the constraints on the study is that we do not modify the existing desktop (central IT).  We don't want our agents to have to wear multiple microphones... therefore the spitter idea.
I currently have a 150MBps dongle that supports miracast, but I can't use it because it's too slow and the image often lags/breaks. So I am looking for a better dongle that will allow me to miracast.  Believe it or not, I just can't find it. I searched where I could but no, can't find it. I would be really grateful if you could suggest me one!  This is what I have now: https://www.amazon.com/Realtek-RTL8188EU-Wireless-802-11n-Network/dp/B00L28AN88  OS: Windows 10  Budget: Preferable under 60 bucks
I'm planning on getting a VR headset. I'm not sure which would be the best choice. Are there any recommendations about which I should choose?    Oculus Rift HTC Vive   I read about the PIMAX 8k (kickstarter project) but it is closed. Do you have other VR Headset as a recommendation? What are the pros and cons?   Thank you really much for your help.
I searching for a laptop with AMD processor AMD Graphic card, No windows, No windows key on left, SSD (or hybrid SSD+HDD) I pay with Bitcoin up to 3000 USD.  Any recommendation? I find not a single laptop without the Windows Key or Windows preinstalled.
I am planning to buy a monitor, I wish to connect it with my laptop ( as a second screen). I searched the internet and couldn't find any decent monitor which fulfills my requirements. I will be mounting it on a stand or on a wall so it should be less heavy and small. Below are my requirements, any suggestions would be highly appreciated.  Requirements:  Size       = 18 - 20 inch Resolution = 1920*1080 (Full HD) Port       = HDMI (must) Price      = around 150$ Weight     = light weight Speaker    = Not an issue
Scenario  TL;DR  I'm currently searching for a monitor for my Dell XPS 13 2014 running Ubuntu Gnome. This monitor gets used in my home-office which is really sensible for style/design of the contained furniture/things.  Longer Version  I'm currently rebuilding my office at home. I need to mention that I'm really into the style and design of my workplace. I can't work where you just have black monitors, black whatever-mouse and a black whatever-keyboard. I need my desk to feature a well-thought-out design concept with defined colors, a desk lamp, little plants etc.   The desk-design is currently defined with the primary colors white and pastel mint-green. Secondary "color" is "wooden". Accent color is mainly pastel pink.   A few items featured on my workplace will give you a feeling of what is going on:      I have all the things in place but one thing which is missing is a monitor. My intention is to place it on my desk (obviously) and plug in my keyboard and mouse.   In order to work with it I plug the video-cable in my mini-display-port and connect the USB hub to one of my ports. Voila I'm able to use my keyboard, mouse and monitor.   Specifications  Monitor   QHD 22 " - 27 " Height adjustable (VESA mount is an option) Possible colors: white, silver-grey, mint-green, wooden ("not black" as a minimum)  (Active) USB hub with at least two ports (for mouse and keyboard) Should be compatible with my Laptop of course (specs beneath)   Laptop   Dell XPS 13 2014 Intel HD 4400 Mini Displayport Ubuntu Gnome latest LTS version   Budget  Budget is not really an issue. Everything cheaper than 800 $ should be fine as long as it looks nice and features needed functionality.  Additional Notes  A VESA mount would be fine. No issues with that. It just have too look neat. Not like a sci-fi-robot-arm :)   Painting, framing, foiling or any other DIY action is absolutely legit as long as the outcome looks professional.
I want to have a nice night-light-waves projector at home.   Not a simple and primitive toy for children as   But a super-level beautiful dynamic waves system, as in the movie "Blade Runner 2049":   Any ideas?)
I can find 3D displays on Amazon, but the ones still sold all appear to be active ones. As active 3D always ghosted for me, passive 3D worked perfectly (I'm even more impressed if the Street Fighter IV demo I saw in a store was converted from 2D.), and again I just bought a new non-3D TV due to lack of <=48" supply, I'd like to replace my 1680x1050p 22" desktop monitor. 24" is fine, but if it would cost more than a 1080p phone with a gyroscope, I'd rather buy the latter.
I am looking for a male-to-male USB extender to connect an older USB 2.0-only printer and a desktop. There is a 40ft gap between the two. Running between those is an unused Cat 5e cable  (I think it's 5e, I haven't verified yet).   They simply want to connect the printer to the computer so the obvious answer is to just terminate each end of the available Cat5e cable with USB extenders.   However, when I search for USB extenders over cat5/cat5e/cat6, every single one that I find has a male USB-to-network adapter and a female USB-to-network adapter. Yet, every use-case I can think of where you would want a USB cable extended over cat5/5e/6 would ultimately want male USB connectors on both ends.  Sure, I can buy a male/female extender, which would have the 3 obvious components (female USB-to-network + network cable + male USB-to-network), and then add a fourth component which is a typical male-to-male cable. But that's adding another point of failure and potentially bothersome signal degradation into the system.  Maybe the problem is I am searching for "extender" and I should be searching for some other term?
I have a 14" 1080p laptop, which is very crisp. When I connect it to my 21" 1080p monitor, the external monitor looks blurry and ugly. What external monitor (i.e. what specs, but specific examples are welcome too) should I buy, so that I can connect it to my laptop and have both be good looking and as similar as possible?  Also, how do I know if the laptop will be able to output to the monitor, if it's high DPI? (I have an Intel HD 620, fyi)  Some details:   OS: Windows 10 Budget: ~300€, but open to recommendations with good reason
I have robot. The brain is an arduino mega with this shield.  Pictures are below. Right now I am at the pont where I want to replace the arduino with an esp32. Which esp32 board do you recommend? Basic needs:  drive 4 dc motor independetly drive one servo motor accept signal from 5 (7 in the future) tcrt5000 ir sensor accept signal from 4 optogate (for the encoders) accept signal from the ultrasonic sensor driven by and capabel of charging 2 or 4 lion battery 18650 and also the smartness of the esp32 wifi bt touch sensor etc...
What I want to ask is does this computer can get new graphic card ? And how can I assemble it ? Also what kind of graphic card should I get to not get the GPU bottleneck ? P/S:Sorry for my bad English and the computer details is here https://support.hp.com/in-en/document/c04874664
My company has tasked me with ordering servers for testing software before the software enters production in a business to business environment. We will have 12-15 people on these machines at all times with numerous virtual machines running on top of a vmware hypervisor.  Our company has a contract with Dell and I've been looking at what CPU we should purchase for a Dell PowerEdge R640. I'm looking at 2 of them, an Intel Xeon Gold 6130 and an Intel Xeon Gold 6126. The 6130 has 16 physical cores but only runs at a base frequency of 2.1GHz, while the 6126 has 12 cores and runs at a base of 2.6GHz. On Dell.com, the 6130 is only $80 more than the 6126 which isn't a big deal, but what do you guys recommend?  I'm leaning more towards the 6130 because it has more cores which means more multitasking and running more virtual machines or giving more cores to a virtual machine, but it runs at a slower base frequency.
Many heavy apps which plays an important role in productivity are unmovable to SD card by default: Word, Google Maps, Google Sheet, Tick Tick, Dropbox, OneDrive. I've tried to follow Is there a way to move unmovable apps to the SD card in Android 6.0? on my current phone (Sony E2312, Android 6.0.1, rooted and xposed) and failed to success, but I can't remember why because it has been a long time ago.   I understand the risk of this (removing the memory card, can't use widgets), but the need to use them is large. Which phone and Android version allow me to install any app on the card, or at least transfer a large portion of data onto it?    This question is also asked on Reddit.
We’re implementing an access control system where people bring a code, printed or on a smartphone (their choice), to get access.  We are free in the choice of code system, as long as it’s capable of encoding a 14-digit alpha-numeric string. QR works, as well as Code128.  We want to allow scanning with off-the-shelf Android devices. Our first idea was to use a barcode scanning app, but the autofocus of the camera is too slow and each scan takes around 10 - 20 seconds. Sometimes, e.g. on a sunny day, the camera-based scanner would not even work at all.  What we’re looking for now is an external scanner with the following features:   Runs with Android. Connects via Bluetooth (prefered) or USB. Able to read from a smartphone screen or paper, even under non-ideal conditions. Easy configuration and usage for less tech-savvy users. Ideally some kind of targeting assistance, e.g. a red dot/line/cross. Ideally 100 Euros or less; hopefully not more than 200.   I have found several cheap laser scanners on Amazon and ordered one of them. It is pretty solid and works nicely with paper, but I didn’t know that this type of scanner cannot scan from smartphone displays.
I am assembling a new workstation and don't know what kind of GPU I need.  I am thinking about an AMD GPU since I need OpenCL 2.x, but there are quite a lot of options:   Radeon Pro WX 9100 Radeon RX Vega 64 Radeon Pro Frontier Edition AMD FirePro W9100   and I don't really understand what GPU to choose. All of them are more or less the same.  The purpose of the workstation is to run heterogeneous physics computations.  Could you please advise me which GPU is better to take for my purposes.  Additional information: I don't know if it plays a role in the decision making, but I am planning to put two GPUs in the workstation.
I have a friend who is an architect and now is looking to build 3d models. He needs a new pc for fast 3d rendering and architecture related work.  Here is a list of components that I recommended.   Intel Core I5 7600 7th Gen processor LGA 1151 socket 3.5Ghz  Corsair Vengeance 8GB DDR4 LPX 2400MHz C16 RAM Kit for X99 Chipset (CMK8GX4M1A2400C16R)  Gigabyte GA-H110M-S2 LGA 1151 6th Gen F20  HDD Seagate  WD Green 120GB Internal Solid State Drive  Corsair Carbide Series CC-9011050  Corsair CP-9020098-UK VS Series VS650 650 Watt  FAN Cooler Master Hyper 212X  Zotac GeForce GTX 1050 Ti OC Edition ZT-P10510B-10L 4GB PCI Express Graphics Card    Will this be a good pc form him to work on  Is the graphics card suitable for 3d work? Is the power supply overkill with 650W or should I go with 450W?  Do mention if you have any recommendation of other products.
I am looking for a laptop with the following specifications:   has an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060, 1070, or 1080 supports 64 GB of RAM (it doesn't have to come with 64 GB of RAM, but I should be able to upgrade to 64 GB) Microsoft Windows 7 can be installed on it (it doesn't have to be "officially" supported).   Regarding the price:   Budget: up to around 3kUSD (no hard limit) Preferred country of purchase: United States     PS: I need Windows 7, please don't add comment about Windows 10 or virtual machines. I've already other computers running on Windows 10.
In our office we use as a shared folder (we are 30 users). This older exists in a local server Windows Server 2008 R2. The problem is that the free disk space of our server is getting very low, so I thought to get an NAS disk.  After some search, I ended to these devices:   SYNOLOGY DS718+ and WD Red PRO NAS 4TB (2 of them in raid 1)   Is this combination a good recommendation for us?   Our network is built with gigabit switches and UTP cables of Cat 5e and 6 and I can plug in 2 utp cables in the DS718+. Our files are mostly MS office files, PDFs, and image files (from Adobe Photoshop, illustrator)  Thanks for your help!
I bought Dell Vostro 3800 in a Slim Tower case. What WiFi adapter would fit into such a case?   The case has the following dimensions 102 * 433 * 360mm (W * D * H), while popular WiFi adapters do not to fit. For instance, TP Link TL-WN781ND is too wide: 120.8 * 78.5 * 21.5mm.  The case has PCI-e x16, PCI-e x1 and PCI slots free.
I recently bought a long HDMI cable to connect my PC to my TV. Works fine, but I have a corded mouse and keyboard. It works, but it is rather inconvenient to drag the cables around. I will propably buy a wireless mouse, but a while ago I bought a rather expensive mechanical keyboard, which I don't want to exchange.  The keyboard has a standard USB 2.0 port, where I usually connect the USB cable. Is there some kind of generic USB adapter, so that I can connect this keyboard wireless to my PC?  As a bonus: I also have an XBOX One Controller and Microsoft decided not to deliver some kind of conectivity, except bluetooth, which I can't use on my PC. It would be amazing if there would be a solution I could use for both, controller and keyboard (not neccessarily at the same time). The controller has a standard USB 2.0 Micro-USB port I could use for that. Some kind of wireless hub with small USB connectors in different formats or something similar would be cool. I don't know if there is something like this.  Additional question after I browsed some online shops: I have found some low cost bluetooth receivers I could plug into my computer. With that I could use the controller wireless. But they are just receivers for bluetooth devices. Is there such a connector I could plug into my keyboard to make it a bluetooth device? This would be the simplest solution from my point of view.  But also a question regarding bluetooth: When this would work, like I imagine and I connect the keyboard via bluetooth, could I still use the keyboard pre-boot? Like in the BIOS?  Just realised that I would have a problem with powering the keyboard... any suggestions?
Folks,  I need to find a network card that is compatible with the motherboard pine row, this board is in a firewall, the client prefers to buy a network card that has two network outputs and is pci-express, but this motherboard pine row is desktop, which takes some board options by being server boards.  The model of the card is the same, or at least very similar to that of the advertisement: https://www.ebay.com/itm/HP-Pro-300...-2-Duo-E7500-2-93GHz-CPU-/361738139160?_ul=BR  The network cards I considered interesting by the specification are:  Common PCI Intel: https: //producto.mercadolivre.com.br...-pci-pro1000mt-chipset-82546gb-_JM? source = gps  PCI-Express Chinese brand: https: //producto.mercadolivre.com.br...18dc4fd046bb235b6ae5a022409fd921&noIndex=true  Which of these two would be best for the firewall? Does it have much difference of performance PCI-Express card for PCI Common?  I'm also accepting suggestions from other boards.  Thanks
Currently we're using two old RF headphones with a two-channel switch to easily switch between our two PCs and the TV (two channels are enough since not all three devices are used at the same time). I'd like to replace that with a) higher quality transmission and b) add a microphone to replace the table-bound wired separate Mic.  My first thought was "bluetooth", especially with multipoint's claimed simple switching. But meanwhile I read that bluetooth cannot provide Stereo quality and use the microphone at the same time, so that's not an option. After searching some more, the most interesting options are SteelSeries' Arctis 7 (but since the transmitter requires a USB port this won't work with the TV's 3.5mm output) and the Siberia 800 or 840 (basically the 800+bluetooth). Leaving the high price aside, I cannot find any information about supporting and switching between multiple transmitters. Since one PC is actually nearby the TV, one 840's transmitter can probably connected to both of these, but I'm still wondering about the second transmitter and how easily the headsets can switch to the other transmitter.  So, in summary I'm looking for the following:   2 (or 3) wireless headsets (i.e. including Microphones) 3 transmitters, one of which must use 3.5mm easy switching between the transmitter optionally bluetooth, and preferably more modern than RF though the simple two-channel switch had its benefits
I am hunting for a good bang-for-buck workstation laptop for a friend of mine, he is looking to retire his trusty laptop of 3 years, with a new laptop with a much better GPU. He is a civil and a mechanical engineer, so I would figure he would be designing build support systems, walls and other complex mesh objects.  He uses AutoCAD, CAD, Autodesk, TurboCAD, 3DS Maya and Meshmixer in his line of work. With this in mind, I found two laptops that are within his budget of 2200USD on eBay.  Here are the specs of the first one -->   MSI WE72 7RJ Core i7 7700HQ 16GB DDR4 RAM @ 2400MHz Quadro M2200 4GB 512GB SATA SSD with a 1TB 7200RPM Hard Drive. Listed Price - 1900 USD Including Shipping   And here is the specs of the next laptop   Asus ROG GL702VI-WB74 Core i7 7700HQ 16GB DDR4 RAM @ 2400MHz GTX 1080 8GB Max-Q 256GB NVMe SSD with a 1TB 7200RPM Hard Drive Listed Price - 2190 USD Including Shipping   I would have figured get the GTX 1080 Laptop, as it has more CUDA Cores, more VRAM and a higher clock speed then the Quadro Card, but the GTX 1080 Laptop is optimized for high-end gaming performance, and not CAD Work. But the Quadro is optimized for workstation usage, and should out perform the 1080 in these types of workloads, right?  I did a quick Google search, but that didn't yield the results I was hoping for.  Long story short, which of the two laptops would you recommend for my friend here, and why? If you have a better recommendation than these two laptops that I have listed, please don't hesitate to mention it. I will take all the help I can get!  On a side note and completely irrelevant, I tried convincing him to build a desktop workstation with a better Quadro GPU locally for the same amount, but he insisted that it be a workstation laptop, as he jets around the world and the country on work.
I am looking for a hard disk/SSD/NAS with both these interfaces:     Thunderbolt 3 Ethernet, 1 GbE or 10 GbE   So far I only found TB+USB and Eth+USB.  Does the combination I am looking for exist?
I'm looking for which characteristics I need to get a single access point that should serve 1 medium sized room (about 144 sq. meters) and 8 smaller adjacent rooms (about 28 sq meters), separated by 15cm wide walls made of concrete. I was looking at this and the only thing I gathered was that I needed dual band. The clients would regularly be between 5 and 10, with the possibility of ballowing to 100-120 clients for some hours at any moment of the day. I have a router right now, but its throughput without too much stress (~25 clients) is pitiful given the total speed of the uplink and I need the clients to have reasonable internet speeds.  As characteristics I was thinking of MU-MIMO, 802.11ac standard, but after that, I don't know.  I don't need premium features, like NAS, as its main purpose would be as access point and would be hidden away in the roof of the bigger room.
I am working on machine learning project where I used 500K images to train the model. I am using lib-linear SVM(Support Vector Machine) With HOG (Feature Descriptor). HOG take 128X 128 images as input and produces 1096 features. Produced features vector (1096 X 500K) used as input to SVM Model Training. My Current System Configuration is:   Processor : Intel® Core™ i7-6700 CPU @ 3.40GHz × 8 RAM: 16 GB Graphics: Intel® HD Graphics 530 (Skylake GT2)    which took around 5 hours and 30 minutes to train the model.  I also tested the same task on AWS cloud and the results are:  Instance Type       CORE        RAM        Training Time In (Hours)             c4.8xlarge          36          60         03:39:15 c5.4xlarge          16          32         01:23:22   Now, I want to build my own system and I am really confused to select processor.  Should I go for Intel® Xeon® Processor E5-2699 v4 with 22 cores OR INTEL® CORE™ i9-7980XE EXTREME EDITION PROCESSOR with 18 cores?
I have to buy a NAS storage, with a set of simultaneous opposite requirements. In particular, high speed, lots of space and small budget.  Can I do something like: - Use a NAS with four bays, two for large HDD, and two for fast SSD. - Set up a RAID just for the two HDD. - Set up a separate RAID just for the two SSD (if needed).    Is this a feasible configuration?  Can I buy a single NAS solution to be used for both high performance and large data storage?  These are a few numbers to quantify my requirements: - NAS: 4 bays, 10 Gb Ethernet, Thunderbolt 3. - HDD: 2, 10 TB each, 7200 rpm, SATA. - SSD: 2, 1 TB each, SATA.    The drives are going to be purchased separately from the NAS.  Budget: £2600.  Purpose: store and read video from multiple cameras in real-time.
I drop my iPhone 6 a lot but also need that extended battery and wired headphones.   Is there a life proof that has a battery or that fits on top of the Apple Battery Case?  Alternatively a battery case that is near indestructible.  EDIT: So this question was originally about iPhone 7, but I have edited to be the iPhone 6s/6(so that I could answer the question) with my solution.
So I have decided that the best course of action is to adopt wireless headphones now that the iPhone's headphone jack is gone(and Pixel).  Unfortunately though I need like 10+ battery performance all day.  It also needs a mic although the mic doesn't have to be perfect quality.  Is something like this even possible?
I am building a PC that will be dedicated to game streaming. It will be a secondary PC and it's entire function will be to accept the input from my gaming PC, encode it and upload it to streaming services.  I want to use OBS and stream at 1080p 60fps.  I am thinking of going with:-  Ryzen 1700, 8gb 3200mhz ram (whatever is cheapest), WD Blue 3TB hard disk (stream will also be saved to disk), ASRock AB350M motherboard  All of that comes to around £450 on Amazon uk.   Is that powerful enough to stream at 1080p 60fps, Is it the best hardware choice for the money spend and if it's not what would be better in the same price range.
I am looking for a speaker for my smartphone. But I don't need it to be portable nor wireless (bluetooth) because I can plug it to the grid and I can connect it to the phone with a regular TRS cable. I just need it to have a good bass. Or a decent bass. I need the speaker to be significantly better than the speaker of my phone.  I would like to buy something that's not more expensive than $50 or maximum $60  I noticed the Logitech Z50 1.0 Speaker (out of stock at NewEgg). Some vendors (like for example NewEgg) don't even have the 1.0 in the list of speakers configuration - you can chose from 2.0, 2.1, 3.1, 4.1, 5.1 etc - but there is no option to chose the 1.0 speakers. Also the searching reviews for 1.0 speakers finds mostly reviews about bluetooth speakers. It doesn't look extremely easy to find alternatives for a plain 1.0 speaker
I am looking for a video capture device that can successfully capture 240 & 480 (p and i) signals properly.  I am not worried about LAG too much because I will be splitting signals to production monitors.  Any help you can give would be much appreciated.  It really does seem 240 and 480 are going out the window and almost no capture devices support them anymore.
I am searching for a ATX case with proper mouting holes for the new high-capacity 3.5' HDDs. (seagate archive 8TB).   All atx cases have mounting holes only for middle screws and cannot properly mount these HDDs with 4 screws.  I am not interested in alternative mounting like sleds,caddies,rubber bands etc.  I need at least 6 mounting positions for 6 HDDs    Can anyone recommend an ATX case which has proper holes for screws for 6 drives?  Thank you very much
Found it at the office and I am curious about it. What is this cable used for? Thanks.  It doesn't let me upload the image, so here is the link:   https://i.imgur.com/gf34MxK.jpg
I’m looking for a TRUE usb 3.0 crossover switch.. I know there are peripheral switches which take 1 input and share peripherals on the other side. What I’m looking for is a path selector where I have 2 usb cables coming in InA and InB and two going out, outA and outB. When I switch I want cable inA to be routed to outB and cable inB to be routed to outA. Then when I switch again, I want inA to be routed to outA and inB to be routed to outB.  I hope this makes sense...what I’m trying to do is switch two laptops between two different port replicators at the click of a button.
Apparently this CPU is a bad combination with my GPU; I have been told that they will not work together. These are the main parts:   AMD - Ryzen 7 1700 3.0GHz 8-Core Processor (No overclocking so do I need CPU cooler separate?) MSI - A320M BAZOOKA Micro ATX AM4 Motherboard Gigabyte - GeForce GTX 1050 2GB G1 Gaming Video Card Areocool P7 C1 Case EVGA - 500W 80+ Bronze Certified ATX Power Supply   There will no intense programming or video processing; I will use the PC for some games here and there, but it will only be doing regular "home" tasks everyday.   Please, anyone who states a price for an item, mention the currency you're talking about. If it is USD or something, then say so, for the benefit of anyone reading this.    EDIT:  What is the best AM4 motherboard to get? The MSI Bazooka is a good option, but it is kind of reddish, and I am going for a black/blue set up.  EDIT 2:  I considered jcam3's answer, and refined my build. Remaining is one concern:   The CRYORIG C7 compatibility, and whether it has its own LED's (because I can't find that info about it). I don't want it to have LED's, so if it does, is there a better recommendation? Here is the final link.
In the market for a new laptop to replace my aged machine. As I understand it, at this price range and requirements. I'm probably best off going for an i3 processor.   Requirements: - 8GB RAM - An SSD to run the operating system - A large (750GB plus) standard HDD for storage - Windows 10  Most of the models in this price range come with 4GB RAM which seems woefully insufficient to me. Many also offer only one drive, instead of separate SSD and HDD.  Nice-to-have: - Fairly portable (light, with good battery time) - Basic gaming & image editing performance  I don't want a 2-in-1 tablet-style machine - I'd want something larger and more robust than that.
The most high-end SoCs (UDoo, Up Ultra) from Board-db have a pretty good CPU, but have a very poor ADC (8-10 bit).   Is there a board that has the best of both worlds, high speed CPU (i3 - i7), big RAM (~ 8 GB), capable of running Windows 10, and a high-fidelity ADC?   We need a solution with these specifications, and I was wondering if we can avoid making one of our own.
I'm looking for a reasonably cheap network attached storage solution for small business use. I'm not terribly picky about features, but I'd prefer a pre-made option that I don't have to fiddle with excessively. But my biggest requirement is that it must not generate hidden index directories throughout its shares.  In my experience, this behavior seems rather common among pre-built NAS boxes; my last two (a WD My Book Live and a Synology Diskstation, respectively) have done it, and it's caused no end of problems. The index directories work their way into all sorts of places they shouldn't be...source folders, version control, builds...you name it.  So my question is, can anyone recommend a model or brand of NAS that is confirmed to not have this terribly annoying behavior?
I've got a small device that reads data off of a thumbdrive. I'd rather not be carrying my thumbdrive back and forth. I thought I remembered a USB drive out there that would connect to your WiFi network and act like a mirror for some folder on your desktop.  Is this a real thing?  Edit: Here's what I want:  [Device] ---USB--> [Thing] ---WiFi-->--Network--> [Desktop]   Specifically I want [Thing]
I'm looking to connect one laptop/desktop computer (with no more than one HDMI cable attached to it)  and get on several displays, right now I have a Gefen HDMI 144 Repeater, but this shows the same output on 3 monitors (it can work as a second display to the computer I attach the HDMI cable to, but it shows the same image/video on the 3 monitors I connect to it)  I'm looking to show extended displays (different things on each monitor)  right now, from left to right are the displays from the laptop, and the displays connected to the Gefen Repeater  |A| -- G-HDMI-144 -- |B|                    |- |B|                    |- |B|  but I want to be able to do  |A| -- DEVICE -- |B|                |- |C|                \- |D|  where A, B, C, and D are not necessarily different "workspaces", they can simply be windows side by side on a single extended display  is there a single device that can accomplish this setup?  or would I need to buy several? (be it HDMI-switches, graphics cards, etc.)  note: I don't intend to play games in this setup, but I would like to be able to do video-conferencing, and other similar uses, I simply need to know how this could be achieved, if it's outside my budget, I'll postpone it, or look for an alternative
I'm looking for a 4 - 6 port (2-3 might work) router that has an extended temperature range to say -40 degrees F/C (-20 F would likely be fine) that is cost effective. Most I have seen is in the $600 to $1500 range, and that is quite expensive for residential use. BONUS for if it has single mode fiber port (or 2) built in (SFP module need to be added is fine). another optional Bonus is Wifi onboard.  I can find un-managed switches that are hardened for a reasonable price ($200 or less)...the router thing is what has me searching.  Thanks in advance for the help.
To charge my Pixel XL.  The supplied cable is too short for my needs.  USB-C to USB-A is viable but I'd need a compatible fast charge adapter as well.  I'm not seeing a whole lot of availability in the 10 foot range, at least not anything from well known manufacturers.  Can anyone recommend a 10 foot USB-C to USB-C cable for a Pixel XL?  OR  Can anyone recommend a 10 foot USB-C to USB-A cable and compatible fast charge adapter for a Pixel XL?
I'm planning the build to (finally) upgrade my Phenom II 1090T system and have chosen a 1950x Threadripper CPU and an ASRock Taichi X399 motherboard (the dual Intel gigabit NICs in the Taichi were the deciding factor. Price also).  Aside from RAM, all other parts will be what's currently in my existing system.  The old motherboard & CPU & RAM will be recycled into the other machines on my home network.  I'm having a very hard time choosing which RAM to get.  I want at least 64GB, and will most likely get 128GB.  The current 1090T system has 32GB.  RAM is ridiculously expensive at the moment (and unlikely to get much cheaper in the next 12-18 months), so I want to get the best possible value for money - this system is expected to last me for at least the next 5 years (and hopefully longer).  I'm more concerned with avoiding a bad choice (or wasting money on something that might be X% better in theory but gives me no noticeable benefit in practice), than in making the absolutely best possible choice.  So, my questions are:   Is it worth spending significantly more for RAM faster than DDR4-2133 or 2400? Does having 4 or all 8 DIMM sockets filled limit or affect the maximum RAM speed? Is there a noticeable performance benefit from lower latency RAM? HyperX, G.Skill and Corsair are the brands easily available near me in Australia - are there any solid reasons to choose or avoid any of these brands?   I don't really care much about a $50 or so difference per 64GB, but the difference between ~ $1100 AUD for DDR-4 2400 and ~ $1400 AUD for DDR4-3200 is large enough to want to avoid wasting money if it gives me no real benefit.  I could use that money to upgrade my video card or buy a pair of PCI-e M.2 drives or something that would give a noticeable improvement.  BTW, $1 AUD = approx $0.75 USD at the moment. We also pay a semi-random "Australia Tax" for imported hardware, which is whatever the importer thinks they can get away with.    Note: this system will run only Debian GNU/Linux.  It will never run any version of Microsoft Windows, so Windows-specific issues are not relevant to me in any way.  The system performs 3 main functions:   my desktop/workstation PC running lots of terminal shells, multiple browsers including Chromium & Firefox, and occasionally other GUI apps like Libre Office, and sometimes for playing games.  Mostly I use the command line. my main home server running pretty much everything a home network could need, including dhcp & dns & tftp, a large ZFS pool exported via NFS & iscsi, backups, mail, web, squid proxy, gitlab, KVM virtual machines and docker containers. a home "lab" machine for experimenting with interesting technology, mostly in VMs.   I know I should split this into two machines (server and workstation) but I can't afford to upgrade it AND buy a new desktop box at the same time...maybe I'll do that next year.  I need a Threadripper for this upgrade because a Ryzen 7 doesn't have enough PCI-e slots/lanes.  Also, 16 cores / 32 threads.    One final question: does anyone have any links to sites with solid information (not just rumour and speculation) about the Zen+ 2nd generation Threadrippers supposedly due in the 2nd half of this year?   If there are likely to be significant bug-fixes in BIOS or CPU it might be worth waiting a bit longer before upgrading, but not if it's only going to be a barely noticeable (<= 5%) performance improvement.
Basically I want a good gamepad   Use bluetooth. (I like to connect a bunch of this without having to find USB slots) Easy to set up. I just bought Xiaomi gamepad and I am quite dissapointed. I got to download some software to "convert" that xiaomi gamepad into xbox controller. Autofire feature (not available on xiaomi game pad) Rumble Auto turn off. Basically I will often forget turning things off. I want it to get turned off by it self. Very optional. Rechargable batteries.   In addition, if you have criteria that I don't mention, but you think it should be there in a good gamepad, please let me know what you think is best.  It's for PC. I do not care if I can use this for android or not.  One of the thing I want to try is   https://www.tokopedia.com/bou7chu/gamesir-g4s-usb-dongle-receiver?trkid=f=Ca2099L000P1W0S0Sh00Co0Po0Fr0Cb0_src=hot-product_page=1_ob=3_q=(gamesir+gamepad+OR+gamesir+g4s+OR+gamesir+joystick)_po=1_catid=2105  However, I wasn't sure it's up to task. I mean it's bluetooth yet it comes with USB receiver.  I must be missing something.
tl;dr: (Thanks to fred_dot_u) I'm looking for a gaming headset with adjustable sidetone, for use on an XBox One.    One of my kids has gotten into online gaming with friends on XBox One using a Logitech G933 headset.  The problem: He can't keep his voice down.  He's like the annoying phone users who become oblivious to how loud they're talking.  My wife says that my first solution – an anti-bark collar – is not acceptable.  So my second idea is to plug the headset through an adjustable microphone feedback device that adds the microphone's audio signal on top of the audio going to the earphones.  As we increase that feedback level he'll not only be aware of how loud he's talking, but then if he gets too loud he'll start a feedback loop.  I figure that will teach him very quickly to keep his voice down.  Does any such device exist, or can some existing device be easily adapted to this purpose?
I'm looking for a DVD player that will be used only for playing music:   That can be connected to an amplifier A small screen is desirable for playback info It should support CDs and USB Should be durable   We're not allowed laptops in school, where I intend to use it.   Please recommend a brand/model. My budget is around 3000-5000 INR (OR 50 US$)  but is flexible.
Say I have twelve flat-screen TVs with HDMI ports that are physically arranged in a 3 by 4 matrix. What would I need to "mirror" an image from a laptop display (also with HDMI port) to that 3 by 4 matrix as if it was a single giant display? Can I do it only through software or do I need a special hardware?
I want to build an E-Ink Graphics Tablet. My plan is to:   Lay the E-Ink display on top of a pen input digitizer. The E-Ink display would be driven using FPGA as instructed here. The pen input digitizer would record the strokes and send it to the E-ink display.   I need information on where I can find some hardware that can digitize pen strokes. I found some useful information about the pen input digitizers:    Information about the format of input one expects to get from the pen input digitizers and illustration of some difficulties one may face in making these devices work with Linux machines: here and here Names of some pen input devices- Pen input system antenna (BTM-P097), Waltop WA2006 Pen-Input Technology IC module, Waltop MCU1086 A3A5A from here   However I am unable to find any hardware that I can order for the pen-input digitizer. (I wouldn't want to pluck out parts of an existing product, unless you say that is indeed the best way to go about it). Would you name me some suitable components if you know of any?  I have found some E-ink displays that I can order from the E Ink Shop. But I would also be happy to hear of any alternatives that you may have to suggest.  My priority order for the hardware is as follows: 1. easily available documentation 2. easy to work with 3. easy on the wallet
I am attempting a simple data acquisition project. I have a 5V analog signal from a pressure transducer on 2-3 channels. I need to convert this to a digital signal that I can acquire on my PC. Ideally, this would involve a USB. I need to monitor this signal real-time and be able to export to CSV or text format. Sampling frequency is not critical (20 kHz is ok).   Hoping to purchase a data acquisition card/box that would work with minimal programming and tinkering. Would be nice if it worked with a 1/4" jack on the analog side (or even RCA or 3.5 mm). Also looking for guidance on software for this project. I feel like this should be an easy project but having difficulty finding exactly what I need and since I haven't done anything like this before, a bit afraid to jump in. Hoping someone can point me in the direction regarding what to buy. Thanks!
I am looking for a powerful laptop/or "schleptop" portable.  Important:   64GB RAM, dual channel (currently development environment, particularly GWT requirements, occasionally gives trouble if running other things in 32GB). I'd prefer 12-16 threads (our software and IDE extensions are well threaded, 8 threads are a limitation for the latter at times).   Because of business practices and recent security/performance issues, I would like to try out an AMD Ryzen CPU.   256GB solid state storage. A hybrid SSD/platter hard drive is fine as long as total storage is 1TB minimum.   Not so important:  Graphics. Preferably not internal Intel graphics. Internal AMD graphics would be fine, but I think you cannot get this with more than 4 cores/8 threads. So the best option is likely relatively low grade discrete mobile graphics from AMD or nVIDIA.  I can connect to HD televisions or monitors, so the screen size/quality is not very important.  I'd prefer having a built in DVD drive, but it is not essential.  Battery life - heavy duty jobs would be done on mains, so not high on the list.  17" footprint preferred.    I understand this will cost me - as portability/smaller form factors usually do. I am hoping it is possible within £2500/$3000. I like not having to take a separate keyboard along and to be able to use it while travelling, however a small form factor PC is also an acceptable solution if it fits in aircraft cabin luggage.  While it runs slightly against my lack of screen/graphics requirements, I am willing to try a "gaming laptop", assuming these are expected to handle moderate CPU use. For example, I noticed that ASUS has one with a Ryzen 7 1700 CPU, which might be feasible except it appears to have a 32GB RAM limit.  I can wait a couple of months in case somebody knows something is on the horizon, which I don't know about. Thank you for any ideas.
Having some experience with Intel + Nvidia and Tensorflow, I would love to transition to AMD. This is in part because I am biased towards open source, and I want to invest in new machine learning hardware but don't feel like spending 3k on Nvidia-oriented gear.  The machine learning will be oriented towards Tensorflow for voice and sound generation with Wavenet.   So I'm looking into assembling a new desktop setup of one (or perhaps more) of AMD's GPU's.  Anything equivalent to (or better than) the gtx 1080 ti seems like worth the time spend to get it to work.  I am hoping to get some pointers on what to look for, what works (aiming at using Tensorflow). Perhaps even complete recommendations on components that work well together.  Any tips are very welcome, many thanks!
Disclaimer: I am a pure software guy, with very little knowledge of hardware.  That said, I want to develop a controller board for a vending machine using the CCTalk Protocol.  Googling, I see quite a few for sale, but they are expensive. I am hoping for something in the Raspberry/Orange Pi range.  I strongly prefer something where I don't need to write any device drivers, and can just treat the peripherals as a standard 8,N,1 RS232 serial port (I had too many problems with MDB and its 9,N,1).  The board does not need much processor power, nor RAM.    some flash memory would be welcome, although I could live with using a micro-SD card WiFi is a must (on-board, or a cheap, snap-on) Ethernet is "nice to have"   a 2G SiM card   is "nice to have"  Some form of debug port is nice, but I can also code my own software for that & push the debug out over WiFi or the CCTalk bus Something with GPIO pins, preferably even existing headers/hats to connect with :    an external keypad  a display  motor drivers to push vended goods out of the machine a drop sensor, to detect vending a tilt sensor a temperature sensor with as little h/w knowledge as possible on my part (just asking questions of h/w vendors)    Tl;dr - I want to develop a controller board for a vending machine (using CCTalk) and, as a software guy, want to have as little hardware knowledge as possible, using off the shelf parts. I am comfortable with Raspberry/Orange Pi and am looking for a cheap, low specced baord.
I hope someone has some knowledge about whether it is recommended (and if so, what specifically) to invest in solar panels in order to power a PC of about 1000 watts, that will run 24/7 (to do machine learning). If the setup works, I might wish to add another PC over time (with an extra panel).  Living in an apartment (in Europe), the solar panels should be more or less mobile so I can mount them on the balcony.  I hope to reduce the burden on the environment as well as on my wallet eventually :)  Thanks for any advice!
I am looking for a bluetooth speaker that can:   charge through USB, so I don't have to worry about not losing a proprietary charger connect through a 3.5 mm line in (aux input) - so I can use it as a regular speaker with any device   The budget is 150 Euro maximum  Yet an important question is: if the speaker has the USB charging feature, then it can charge with any USB charger or maybe some of such speakers can only charge when using their own USB charger?
I currently own a 2016 Dell Inspiron 15 5000 and don't have enough money to buy a Gaming PC. I average around 20 FPS in Fortnite and was wondering if it is possible to replace the processor. I am currently running the Intel i5 that comes with it but I want to replace it with the Ryzen 5 2400g with Vega 11 graphics. I am not very intelligent about computers but the shapes of the processors are the same. If I bought this processor and replaced my Intel i5, would it be able to run? If not, are there any processors that I could use instead to get better use of my laptop for gaming?
I've a display with an integrated USB type C hub. The keyboard and mouse are plugged into the monitor and the display is interconnected via USB type C in order to provide video signal, power and the USB connection itself of course.  Currently I've a MacBook Pro attached to it. I want to add a mini-PC to the setup. Basically it does exactly the same thing. The USB cord gets plugged into it and the keyboard, mouse and display is connected.  However, I want to "hide" the mini-PC in my desk and that's why it's not very practical that I need to unplug the USB c cable every time I want to use the other PC.  Is there some sort of Y cable so that I can leave both computers plugged in simultaneously? Preferably with a switch so that even both of them can run while I only need to change the source with a simple "press".   Note: the cable has USB type C on both ends.
I am looking to buy a new desktop with a primary purpose of teaching myself RedHat so i can pass the certs. The idea is to run windows 10 host OS and then multiple instances of CentOS through Virtualbox. I recently bought an Acer Aspire GX-281 and after talking with them they refuse to help me update the firmware to allow for hardware virtualization. I am trying to return the Acer and buy something that will work for my purposes. I am currently investigating this Dell https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=1VK-0001-16N22 and I figured I would ask you all instead of just assuming that any thousand dollar computer would come with at least an option to enable hardware virtualization since it's 2018.
Are there any chips for easily building a KVM? Let me explain: I'm thinking about building a cluster board with a couple SoCs and many of the SoCs that have ethernet ports (that'll be hooked to a ethernet switch IC without going through cables) also have USB and HDMI ports. It'd be nice if the control node could select the output of a secondary USB/UDMI pair so each node could be controlled directly if the local console is not set to serial.  Any suggestions?
I have a ThinkPad T470p and the SSD I currently have doesn't seem to perform as well as I'd like.  I looked inside there is a M.2 slot (currently empty) which seems too short for most M.2 SSDs.  There is also a SATA slot that currently has an adapter to PCIe NVMe (I think) which is where my current SSD lives.  So it seems my options are:   A short M.2 SSD (maybe 60mm?) Current adapter-based setup with a faster NVMe SSD SATA SSD   It is hard for me to believe that going through an adapter could be faster than plain SATA but I don't really understand these new interface standards.  What is my best option for performance?
I plan to buy second monitor for my iMac 27 as I understand that it will raise my productivity in design projects and also one of the reason is starting to learn front-end development. I do not want to go over 200 euros and currently feel that this Dell model could be the right choice. Maybe someone can give me feedback on it or suggest other, better choice? I also like Samsung monitor, maybe could try something else also. https://www.amazon.com/Dell-Professional-P2417H-LED-Lit-Monitor/dp/B01FGCJE26
I want to put an USB camera outside, with IR.  I'm thinking to use this one "yi outdoor camera 1080p": https://www.yitechnology.com/yi-outdoor-camera  The objective is connect the USB camera to the raspberry and record always that big insects appear, or something like that.  I will use OpenCV in a raspberry pi, but I need to choose an outdoor camera, can you suggest me you opinion?  I never worked with an camera recording at night, maybe will be hard to detect insects with sensor noise at night vision.  Thanks
I need some advice on the laptop for design. I'm in between two options, more or less equal in price.   What i use it for   UX/UI design, hence Photoshop with tens of artboards (here is the adoby info about GPU and effects/tools use https://helpx.adobe.com/photoshop/kb/photoshop-cc-gpu-card-faq.html) + Zeplin plugin on top (it does eat a lot of memory from my experience) Adobe XD Adobe Illustrator   NB: i'm NOT into video/3D graphics editing, neither games  Here are my options:  Lenovo ideapad-320 15IKBN3 900€   Intel Core i7-7500U (4MB Cache, 3,5 GHz) 2 Core (here i'm confused: store's label says it's 4, but Intel website only has i7-7500U with 2 Cores. Is that correct?) RAM 12GB DDR3 HDD 1TB + SSD 256GB NVIDIA 940MX 4GB   Asus ROG Strix GL553VD-DM078T 750€ (cheap because on sale)   Intel Core i7-7700HQ (6M Cache, 2.8GHz to 3.8GHz) 4 Cores RAM 8GB DDR4 HDD 1TB NVIDIA GTX 1050 4GB   Now the thing is, I realize that Asus ROG has a more powerful NVIDIA card, but i'm not sure if Lenovo's extra RAM and SSD will eventually balance the difference. Any thoughts?  Then even if Lenovo has 12GB RAM it's DDR3 and 2 Core. Seems like it still can't beat Asus 8GB + 4 Cores?  My problem is that as most of the gaming laps Asus ROG is really big and heavy, literally the most puffy one in the store. Sounds like a minor thing but I often have to carry the machine and gaming lap is not ideal. But I still would choose functionality over design, I just need to make sure Asus ROG is indeed much more powerful.  Do you have any thoughts/advice about the performance of these two?  Thanks in advance!!!
I’m looking for a device that would lock a cable to a laptop via the Kensington Security Slot—something similar to CableTethers, but with a lock on one side.  Does such a product exist?
It looks like some USB to serial adapters don't support all 4 data pins, but I don't know how to find the kind of adapter I need. I would usually buy on EBay or Amazon.  The full spec for what I need is:     Standard USB to 9 pin serial Standard computer USB 2.0 at one end, 9 pin DSUB RS232c serial at the other. Ideally USB 2 but I guess 1.1 would be OK; my main reason for 2.0 is in case any modern chipset doesn't support 1.1 any more in future. All 4 data lines handled Must handle all 4 data lines (GND + TXD,RXD,CTS,RTS). OS, driver and software compatibility The software that uses this is about 15 years old, so I'm using 32-bit Windows XP-era software software on Windows 8.1 x64. I can use XP compatibility mode, or at worst, a WinXP VM. I can't guess at the implications for drivers and bitwise compatibility! I might need a slightly more upmarket version to be sure it'll work? COM port Must be capable of providing a COM port serial link to Windows software (COM1 to COM16 are recognised) Optional but convenient If there's a choice then ideally a 2 - 3m cable and female serial end, because that would plug into my equipment directly. However I have DSUB gender changers and I could buy a DSUB extender (same extenders and gender changers as VGA I think? Which I already have) so these are convenient but not essential.   This is the diagram in the user manual for the connector I need:    I would really appreciate help to ensure I get what I need, ideally with example links to actual products. If it does what I need then the cheaper the better.
I have a nice headset with a mic and I like using it for gaming and for using my phone. This means when my phone rings and I'm on my computer I have to unplug it from the computer, put on the adapter for the phone (to combine the mic and audio jacks) plug it in the phone and do it in reverse when I'm done. Is there some kind of switch out there that would allow me to put them both in as sources and just turn a dial to change what goes in the headset? How makeable would that be? (I have very basic knowledge in electronics but I do have access to a fab lab)
I am looking into buying a new mouse and keyboard combo. I define "combo" as in using one single USB port for both devices.  I strongly prefer to buy on Amazon, but I can live without.  Preferred Price range is $60 - $125 USD (~ £40 - £90), but I can be flexible.  Shared Requirements:   Wireless Excellent battery performance (Ideally 18+ months) No Bluetooth, unless the devices include a Bluetooth USB transmitter Full/Regular Size (No "mini" or "travel" sizes) Right-Handed QWERTY Not the Anker model 98ANWPSS-K1M1A (but can be similar)   Keyboard Requirements:   Full key set, which include dedicated1 numpad and function keys Minimal+ media keys (such as Play, Pause, Stop, RW, FF) and volume control Windows Key Quiet   Keyboard Like to Haves:   OS Sleep key is nice Shortcut to calculator is also nice Flat Keys Wrist bar I am a programmer, so a dedicated1 Pause (Break) button is nice I take screen shots, so a dedicated1 Print Screen button is also nice   Mouse Requirements/Preferences:   5-button design Mouse wheel includes the "left/right" clicks Rubber thumb (preferred) Laser preferred over optical, but not required I use a mouse pad, so doesn't need any special tracking requirements      1 Without the use of a special function key.
I have this laptop that my friend trow into my trash. It's a HP Compaq nx6110. It's kinda interesting hardware, many modules you can change, and of course, a very outdated. But I think with a Lubuntu it can be still useful, so I am researching and evaluating possibilities of hardware upgrade to make as best as possible (and affordable), beyond the simple memory/HDD upgrade.  I am aware there is some hackers replacing old 32 bit CPU for 64 bit compliant that will fit in the same socket. I know a real case of MacMini with Core 2 Duo now running 64 bit Ubuntu. By the product documentation, is not possible, the best one is the Pentium M 770 2.13 (so maybe the newer 780 will fit either). But a lot of new processors were developed after the documentation release. I was looking for models that will fit in the 478 socket, however, is not that simple, though. I guess a Pentium 4 will burn my laptop! Maybe newer CPU won't communicate right with old chipset so won't work - theories I have in mind.  So my question is - is there some 64 bit CPU that will work in my notebook? If not, what's the best one and what can I expect of performance improvement?
My manager bought me a 4k display that is perfectly fine except that I have signifiant laggs on my current i7-7700 integrated GPU, such as delay in displaying input device actions, slowed AERO animations and so on. I'm allowed to perform an upgrade for my current PC (which I give to one of office guys). But here is a question: what GPU should I ask to buy? I mean all papers says that 7700 should handle 4k workload easily (no games or video, just common office work). Is it my hardware problem and I just can buy the same processor which probably doesn't have this issue? Or should I buy some low-end discrete GPU?  I'm good at measuring games performance, I an say which GPU should I buy to achieve some FPS treshold in some game. But I'm powerless in the field of office work because any GPU was able to give reasonable performance on FullHD. But things has changed with 4k arrival.
mandatory:  1) full-sized SD card does not stick out of card reader's case  2) detachable cable (connected to card reader via micro-USB A or USC C, mini-USB B may also be acceptable)  3) matte case without glossy parts  preferable:  1) black color (or other dark color)  2) sturdy case (metal or hard plastic)  does not matter:  1) price  2) brand  3) whether any extra functions make it bigger (unless it is bigger than 230W power brick from gaming notebook) EDIT: now want it to be smaller than Sony MRWE90/BC1 XQD  for example, HDD enclosures listed below would fit the bill if they would accept SD cards instead of (or in addition to) 2.5" drives  https://www.inateck.com/inateck-fe2004-usb-3-0-hdd-external-enclosure.html  https://www.inateck.com/hard-drive-accessories/hdd-enclosures/tool-free-usb-3-0-hdd-enclosure/inateck-usb-3-0-2-5-portable-hdd-enclosure-3port-usb-3-0-hub.html  any suggestions for where to look for it?
What I am trying to achieve :  Stream media to my TV using the least possible amount of devices.   What I currently own :   A Western Digital MyCloud Ex 2 Ultra NAS, and I am somewhat happy/unhappy with it. A Sony PlayStation 4 with the Plex & Netflix apps.   The problem  Right now, streaming on the playstation from the NAS using the Plex apps is not really working. 90% of the time the app will say the server is not powerful enough to stream the selected media. I noticed it happens when I use subtitles. If I don't it works just fine, until I add subtitles then I can never play the media again (even if I remove the sub). Streaming works like a charm on all other devices in the home, with and without subs, never had any issue.  This leads me to believe the problem is in the playstation app, and all the settings I've changed never had any influence whatsoever.  I'm still in the legal timeframe to return my NAS with a full refund.  This leaves me with 3 solutions :   Add yet another device close to the TV specifically for streaming, leaving me with the PS4, the NAS and that new device (3 total). Replace the NAS with one that has an HDMI slot and a decent OS so that I can use that as a storage AND media PC, effectively allowing me to get rid of the console and have 1 computer to rule them all. Do nothing and cry.   I've went with the 2nd solution, because I'm pretty sure I'm not gonna be able to fix the PS4 Plex app and I really don't want another computer there. So, I know it's not your fault NAS, but you're leaving.  What I need from you guys (finally, the question)  I'd like a computer that has the following features :   Can browse internet for leisure, as well as download and use software like Plex or Netflix. Can be used to download, store and and use .torrent files It is or looks like a Windows/Mac OS, so I can actually use that computer for something else locally or remotely if necessary. (can easily be ignored if it does the rest well enough) What I mean is I don't want a cheap UI where I am forced and limited by a proprietary OS ; I'd like the freedom to manage my own folders like I would on Windows/Mac, and the ability to manage my .torrent (store them and use them) Streaming HD (up to 1080p 60fps) videos. Big + if future proof and can play up to 4K 60fps videos. Has decent storage : 12Tb <  x < 20Tb Has at least 2 USB slots for kb & mouse Has an ethernet slot Is < 1.000€   I've read synology is the way to go for NAS, yet I had gone with this one because it was cheaper with better reviews. Now that I have used this WD, i realize it's not like a simple windows computer with "just a lot of storage". The OS is actually a really basic UI accessible via IP and I can only install apps within the WD Store, which is pretty crap, let me tell you.  Since I do not know how other devices will work and if they fit my needs, I do hope you guys can shed some light onto my problem, as my knowledge is lacking here.  Thank you very much for reading this far. I hope you have enough information to answer ; if not, make sure to ask a few questions in the comments.
I have a couple of guys with Furuno GP32's set up like this:  GP32 <---> COMPUTER  I'm looking for a way to insert a multiplexer, or some device in the middle that has the ability to broadcast NMEA data via bluetooth or wifi, so that it looks like this:  GP32 <---> BLUETOOTH BROADCASTING DEVICE <---> COMPUTER  The wiring info and the device info is here.  What solutions, or devices would allow me to do this? Thanks for the help!
I own a MSI Leopard GP62MVR 6RF with an standard HDD. I want to upgrade it with a new SSD but my question is: does it support an additional SSD or have I to replace its current HDD with a new SSD? And which form factor should I look for when shopping?  There's a similar question here but I'm not sure is the model are fully compatible nor if the asker will be able to have 2 drives.  Also, the 3rd response of this thread talks about a "combo" slot but again I'm not sure if that answers my question.  Thanks!
I have a Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ41. You can see images I took online, but to summarize:  I want to take / took images of   Animals: Super hard at the moment, many of my images are blurry. Landscapes Plants Food City Tourism   What is important to me   Sharp images: Especially for animal images, I had to throw away a lot. Size: Not too bulky - it should fit in the side bag of my Deuter Air Contact 55+10 (like the Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ40); I don't care about weight Colors: Some of my landscape images grayish Grip: I want to be able to make selfies with it On/off: Similar to the grip one - I don't want to accidentially turn it on / off. Price should at maximum be 700 EUR. Rather something like 500 EUR, but more than 300 EUR is fine. Battery life: I want to be able to have the camera with me for a day with one battery. So I guess something like 150 shots should easily be possible.   Optional:   GPS: I like when my images are geo-tagged. Panorama: Either it should be very good or I don't need it. The Panorama function of the TZ41 is not worth it. I have a smartphone (Samsung S7) as well.   What is not important   Touch screen NFC Video   Candidates  From my initial research, I have the impression the following cameras could fit my need:   Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ100 Sony Cyber-shot RX100 IV Sony Cyber-shot RX100 III G7 X Mark II   Please note that I don't want to exclude other cameras; it's just what I found so far.  I am, however, not sure which one would be best and if the improvement is that much compared to my current Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ41. What did change to the TZ100? What should I look for?
I want to find a tiny camera or camera module that can stream its videos via Bluetooth or other wireless technology. I want to use that camera as an accessory that can be attached to a body part. The video quality is not important. Important is that I can stream the videos with a mobile device via wireless technology while carrying this camera as an accessory. Any suggestions?  P.S. You can also suggest two separate parts that I could put together to achieve this goal, e.g. camera and bluetooth module separately.
I want some device I can snap onto my teeth and use as my computer's output device (bluetooth).  Does this exist?  I found SoundBites through research, and even though it's a hearing aid it sounds like it would have worked for me because it's easy enough to rework the wireless transmitter. Unfortunately they're no longer made.
I am making my own case and wish to have the motherboard mounted with an angle 'forward' so that the motherboard would be hanging somewhat more than in the regular 90 degree mounting position.  But I have some worries about this causing strain on the motherboard, and how this may affect it on the long term (say 2 years of 24/7 usage).  I won't be using a big cooling radiator, rather I will mount a water cooling block (which may or may not put more strain on it).  Does anyone have thoughts about this, is it something I can do without too much worrying or is it wiser to avoid such a construction?  Many thanks in advance.
There are Easter Revision Sessions coming up and I can't write well so I am looking for something tablet/laptop that I will be able to write in. I also aim to use this for work for the next two years, as I need something inexpensive to take into school to write for Sixth Form.   It needs to be cheap enough (under £100 but I can stretch just over reluctantly) so that I can take it in, I don't want to take something very expensive in case it gets lost/damaged. I also require it to be small and lightweight enough that I will be able to walk it to school every day and for it to fit in my bag. It needs to come with some form of a keyboard. If the device does not already have one then I will have to purchase one which will have to be compensated in the cost. It needs to have WiFi as I will be using Google Docs for the work. This means that it can have a low internal storage. It doesn't need to be that powerful, just enough that I am able to get my work done. A USB port as an optional extra, but this is not required. It needs a decent battery life because I will be using it for several hours, and a plug may not always be present all of the time.   It also needs to be purchasable in the UK
I am studying software development and I need a laptop which can survive around 4 / 5 hours or more of coding(using internet,stackoverflow,codeblocks/visual studio etc).I also consider learning the Swift language(I heard that it is hard to do without a mac) but I am not 100% sure about it.I have around 1300-1600 dollars(1000-1250 euros).So I will be glad to hear your recommendations on what should I look for. :)
I'm thinking about getting a cheap PC I can pack with lots of RAM and play with Hyper-V a little more at home rather than bogging down my main Windows PC, and since my other Windows PC is Home Edition.  I saw a cheap priced HP 6300 Pro Small Form Factor with a 16 GB configuration and Windows 10 Pro on Amazon that looks sufficient.   According to the HP Compaq Pro 6300 Small Form Factor PC Specifications the HP 6300 Pro Small Form Factor PC contains 4 slots and shows an example in the chart of a 16 GB configuration but also states "Not all memory configurations possible are represented below".     Memory specifications      Slot 1 is black and must always be populated. Not all memory configurations possible are represented below:      Memory configurations         Question  Can anyone confirm the other non-listed memory configurations that have worked with success with the HP 6300 Pro Small Form Factor running Windows 10 Pro?   I'm not looking for a full list of all configurations not listed in the chart since I'm more interested in configurations it'll support with over 16 GB of RAM. For example is it possible pack in two 8 GB or three or even four and what would not work slot wise, or what is working for someone else with this same specific make and model hardware and their greater than 16 GB configuration and any special UEFI/BIOS settings to make such a setup possible.
Is ryzen 5 2400g good enough for multitasking, virtualization, coding, and gaming (not necessarily an AAA games) or should I stick with ryzen 5 1500 - 1600?
I am about to buy a laptop, nothing too powerful, but good enough to program on it. Linux will be the system and i will do android, c/c++ ,python... But no advanced graphics. I found few laptops and main difference between them is processor. Some have Intel Mobile Pentium N3710 and some Intel Mobile Pentium N4200. Could someone give any recommendations on which processor to go for, considering above requirements.
I'm looking for a smartphone for an elderly person who is familiar with PCs (and is a long-time Linux user), but has not used a mobile phone before. They tried a basic phone¹ and found the screen too small and the interface too unwieldy.  The anticipated use of the phone is primarily as a telephone, perhaps to send and receive SMS, to listen to the radio, and some web browsing. Photography and games are not relevant. Other uses may be discovered when they have the device.  Budget is not a primary concern, but a low-end phone is preferred so that it says “not worth stealing, not “mug me. The phone will be bought and used in France.  Must haves:   As light as possible. This is more important than battery life. Not too damage-prone, as long as it doesn't increase the weight. FM radio. Android, without fancy OEM software. The phone is likely going to run whatever OS the manufacturer has put on it, not some mod (I don't want to have to do tech support on non-official system components). It must be sold with, or at least upgradable to, at least Nougat 7.0.   Preferences:   Size is a bit of an unknown because it's difficult to relate until you have the object in hand. But it needs to be easy to hold in one hand and to fit in a reasonable-sized pocket, so smaller is better (up to a point where the screen is too small). A fingerprint reader to simplify logging in while keeping some security would be a plus. A removable battery is strongly preferred. The possibility of using a stylus would be appreciated. Reasonable perspectives for Android upgrades. The user does not want to change their phone all the time. While I think the device will run the original OS, the possibility of improving privacy guards and ad blocking may be a reason to root the device.   ¹  I.e. a phone that's only a phone, usually with a keyboards with digits and a few function keys, without the ability to install applications. You can see some basic phones in https://www.techadvisor.co.uk/feature/mobile-phone/best-basic-phones-of-2018-3641218/ . Most flip phones are basic phones.
I'm hoping to upgrade my ASUS X550LC laptop with an additional memory.  As possible upgrades for my laptop I got suggestions by crucial software here.  For compatible memory it shows only 8 GB memory sticks; one can be found here .     I suppose, although it's not shown this 4 GB memory here will also be compatible. Am I wrong and what are the other compatible 4GB memories for ASUS X550LC laptops?   The reason why I'm not going to buy 8 GB one is, since it's DDR3, with assumption that it would not be compatible with new laptops hence, spending much on that would be useful and additional 4GB ram (current memory - 4 GB) would be enough for general purposes. Any comment on this would also be appreciated.  Thanks in advance.
I need to measure the amount of carbon-dioxide in parts per million (ppm) within a closed environment. Currently, I am using a MQ-135 gas sensor which has some sort of concentration on Carbon-dioxide. Unfortunately, that sensor does not provide accurate values.  What gas sensor can I get to obtain precise data?  I would prefer if the sensor was not too costly.
I'm looking for a TV with Android. Ideally Android 7.0+ but 6.x is acceptable too.   Requirements:   No "stuttering" - a LOT of TVs I have seen in a shop are simply unacceptable when the video is panning. HW keyboard support - USB dongle or Bluetooth. UltraHD Premium logo - so it fulfills the HDR standards. Air mouse support would be a nice-to-have. Support of multiple headphones over Bluetooth would be great, but at least a jack. HDMI 2.0 or DisplayPort input so I can play movies from a computer at 100 Hz. Voice search through remote control. Good after-sales support - updates to the system, firmware fixes. And not like Samsung with tends to change how the whole UI works with no rollback option.   I'm not sure if I am too obnoxious but I can't find a model that would have all these. Even those who cost over $2500 don't support this or that.  Sony is close with one model for  but that doesn't do headphones over Bluetooth. Come on, 2018, $1100 and it can't do what a phone for $100 can?  One more thing - I don't trust the chineese brands like Hisense which pretend some functionality but in the end it's broken in some way.  I will be glad for tips. Thanks!
I recently obtained an i7 8700k that is sitting at 5.0ghz without even trying under a D15s, all on an ASUS ROG Maximus Hero with 32GB of G.Skill TridentZ.  This was to replace my 4.78 Ghz i7 2600k that has half the RAM and is on an ASRock motherboard which appears to be having problems with its SATA ports.     When I made this change, I moved all of my SSDs over to the new machine.  I lucked out in that it was apparently similar enough not to flag my OEM Win10 too many points and trigger relicensing, so I now have a spare Win10 license I can use on the original motherboard.  The problem is, I also moved my only decent video card, a GTX 1070 FTW from EVGA (the 8GB variant).    Testing the drives, I found that the other HDDs in the machine may have killed the SATA ports they were on, but the motherboard might still be good.  In a hot-swap, the same drives detect as loaded with bad sectors and behave as if the interface boards were shot.   This puts me in a position full of choices, because my girlfriend would like to be able to game side-by-side instead of having to hunch over her laptop.   I have an HTC Vive, but otherwise game at 1080p with AA cranked.  The two motherboards are dual-mounted in a massive case on rollers, each plugged into different monitors.  The 1080 ti is brutally above MSRP wherever I look, because Bitcoin miners, but I'm not sure if a single 1070 ti is an upgrade worth the money, just to put the 1070 back in the 2600k, which still has some functional SATA ports left and a SATA expansion card in it. The same applies to the classical 1080, which is still quite expensive.  I've also contemplated just getting a second 1070 FTW from EVGA and going SLi in the new rig, but that would leave me still needing to buy a 1050 or 900-series or something AMD for the old one.   Option paralysis. I'm an avid gamer, a developer...pretty much if a PC is capable of it I do it. If I can 1080 ti close to MSRP I'd probably do it for greater compatibility with software and to keep an open PCI-E 8x slot.  If I can't, am I better to get another 1070 and rig up SLi, then get a third, lesser card?  Is the TI enough of an upgrade to the 1070 to justify a 1070 ti?  Is there an AMD equivalent which objectively outperforms the 1070 and would make sense for my VR setup?
On my desk I have a PC dualbooting Windows and Linux and a Macbook. Is there a keyboard that uses a USB dongle and bluetooth so i can connect the dongle to the pc and bluetooth with my mac?
I am looking to buy a small server for my home office. I do video editing, and currently using USB3 external disks is slowing me down, so I need a fast file server that I can use to store my live projects. (Note: I won't be editing using the server itself as I have my own workstation. It will only act as a file server)  I have two main questions about the hard disks. The first one is the difference between the 3.5" and 2.5" SAS drives. I am getting mixed opinions about the 2.5" ones regarding how they might affect the I/O speed and the performance. When I contacted the company that will provide the server for me, one representative told me to stay away from the 2.5, as they won't fit my needs. Another one said that it is okay to get them.  The other question I have is about the speed of these drives. Currently, I have enough budget to get the 3Gbps disks. I am not sure if that should be fast enough, or should I save a bit more and go for the 6Gbps ones. I read on some forums that the difference shouldn't be noticeable unless I am running a big server. Is that actually true?
I am creating a semi-compact computer desk with a computer built into it. Although I have many questions about this subject, I believe it is best to start with the motherboard. The computer will be running simulations and very large programs, and a want smoothness and quick processing. I also want it to run in Linux, in case that changes anything. the best recommendation I have been given is the GIGABYTE Z370, but I wanted to check in with the experts before I make this final, since gaming requires different specs than what I am looking for.  Update 2018-03-30: I realized that "AI's and simulations" is very vague; I would opt towards mostly GPU based programs, so running multiple scenarios and branched AI's. I hope this clears up the question.
Is there a general difference between a XPS13 with i7 and a Latitude 7xxx with i7 (besides 1 inch different display size)? They have so many notebooks and I don't see the differences.
I'm looking for a little advice on how best to improve the performance of my machine.   I'm using the machine for development of a game using the Unreal UE4 engine but I see some performance issues and lagging particularly when using the Unreal engine alongside other processes like Google Chrome.  Ideally I'd like there to be a magic answer but I understand that I may be required to purchase some hardware upgrades to really see a performance increase. I'm guessing that a RAM upgrade to 16GB might not be enough but I'm really not sure.   Would the processor be a bottleneck here or is the RAM likely to be more of an issue? If I upgrade the processor am I likely to need to buy a new case and motherboard?  Either way, I'd like to keep the costs down as much as possible.  My computer is a DELL Vostro 3900 but I've made some upgrades from the stock model.  I have: Intel i5-4460 Quad Core running at 3.2Ghz. DELL GGDJT Motherboard.(I haven't been able to find any useful documentation on this motherboard). Windows 10 Pro 2x4GB DDR3 Ram for a total of 8GB (added after purchase). 1x3GB Geforce GTX 1060 Graphics card (added after purchase). 1x 180GB Intel SSD with the OS and Unreal engine/project files installed (added after purchase). 1x 500GB Seagate SATA drive for storage. 1x 500w power supply(added after purchase).  Any advice is gratefully received.
So my situation is that I have two computers. One is my laptop that goes everywhere with me and is a sort of workhorse rig. The other is my gaming desktop rig. I have one set of USB headphones that I use all the time.  What I'm wanting to do is take the audio out from my laptop and put it into my computer in 7.1. Up until now I have been using a 3.5mm male to male cable. It works but it creates noise and its a pain. I've looked into network based solutions but all have 1-2 seconds of lag and I would need almost 0 latency.  Is there some kind of dongle that can plug into my laptop and show as USB speakers and then plug into my desktop and show as USB input which I can then monitor on my headphones? Or any other solution to share digital audio between the two?    Note: neither computer has spdif but if anyone knows of a cheap spdif dongle that could also work.
I have purchased a ASUS K20CE style pc for my son, which has turned out not to have enough "omph" for playing even modest modern 3D games.  I went out and got a GeForce GT710 card for the PC (which matched one of the options that I could have ordered the PC with to begin with) but was faced with the problem, that the card did not fit the cabinet (times have changed much since I built my last PC it turns out!)  I guess the motherboard is a mini ITX one. It has a single PCI Express slot, and the cabinet is slim. I have my eyes on some alternative GPUs, that may fit the machine, but I hesitate to order as I realise the system has an external power adapter of at most 90W. Most GPU cards advertise 300-400W power requirements, so I am starting to wonder if it will work at all.  Does anybody have experience with such an upgrade or advice? The goal is not to make a monster gaming PC, but just a modest budget one.
I’m looking for a good quality network accessible storage device (or maybe even a DAS) that allows 2 hard drives to be in a RAID 1 configuration.   I don’t care about:   WAN access Media transcoding  Encryption  Password protection Proprietary RAID alternatives An OS   I just want:   Good quality casing build 3.5 hard drive support Ethernet port Reliable RAID 1 Reliable NIC    I’m not even fussed about WiFi.   My plan is to use it for my iTunes media library (music and video). The media will be encoded for iTunes, so videos should play across most devices without the need for transcoding into something else. I have a separate PC for running iTunes and/or Plex that will access the NAS and then pass it onto either an AppleTV or my smart TV directly.  I want RAID 1 to reduce the chances of data loss thanks to harddrive failure.   If there’s some fault to my logic, please let me know!
I want to be able to read XQD cards on my new MacBook Pro which has only usb-c ports.   I have searched and cannot find any usb-c XQD Card Readers.   Does such a thing exist?  If not, what would you recommend as an alternative solution for reading XQD cards at max read speed on a new MacBook Pro?
I want to purchase a EMR Sensor Board (that is found in graphic tablets and is used to track the stylus movements) for a DIY project.  Here are a few examples of what I am looking for:   32-inch EMR module Touch Screen Digitizer for Samsung Galaxy Note 3   The above products don't seem to have any further information or product specification or part number. I want more information before making a purchase. I would like to get hold the product data sheet first. And I would prefer to see someone else having successfully worked with it.  I have been trying for a few weeks now and I haven't been able to find much information. Please help!
So my kit isn't the worst, and it's far from the best. I'm wondering for myself personally as well as generally, what would be the best component to prioritise upgrading?  I have no SSD, only 1TB HDD 7200RPM and I know that a computer's storage can be a huge bottleneck for games that must fetch lots of files, RPGs like the witcher 3 for example.  My CPU is the Intel Core i5-3350P @ 3.1GHz - A poor CPU by todays standard, I often find myself having 100% CPU usage while gaming.  My GPU is the Nvidia GeForce GT 640 1GB - Another poor component by todays standard.  I've 8GB of DDR3 RAM, plentiful however not DDR4...  It's a prebuilt, full specs are found below. It was not intended for gaming however that is what I wish to turn it into.  http://www.dell.com/support/home/uk/en/ukbsdt1/product-support/servicetag/20dprw1/configuration  Is it worth turning it into a gaming rig? At the moment I can and have been using it as so, it can hold a solid 60 on many games. MOBAS, FPS multiplayer games and anything else runs fine on it - low to mid settings. However now I wish to use it on high settings, especially with some RPGs i own.  Should I start from scratch or can I make some wise yet frugal upgrades to make it into what I want. Any advice or comments on what you would do is welcomed!   P.S. I have low income working part time as I am a student.  Edit: Games I'd intend to play are newer RPGs such as The Witcher 3, Kingdom Come, Far Cry 5. Also PUBG, Arma 3 and the likes...
I have a Lenovo Miix 720, which has a single USB-C port through which it gets power.  I want to attach an AOC I1601FWUX, which is a USB-C portable monitor.  If I use a straight-through USB-C cable, the laptop powers the monitor and I have no way to power the laptop.  That setup won't last long before I have to recharge the laptop.  What I need is a powered hub that has at least two USB-C ports (I think Gen 1 is good enough) and that can deliver power to both.  Haven't found one yet.  Anyone know of such a hub?
I want a KVM with the following features:  MUST HAVE:   4K support Must not resize windows when I switch inputs (i.e. must pretend the monitor is still connected—I think this is accomplished with EDID or DDC?) Two USB ports (for keyboard and mouse) Semi-DDM (minimally) or DDM (preferred) (i.e. must support however many buttons and special features I have on my mouse and keyboard, preferably with zero latency.  Per Wikipedia either Semi-DDM or DDM will support all buttons/features, but only DDM has zero latency.) HDMI or Display Port (HDMI preferable) Audio support - can be via HDMI (preferred), via separate audio cable, or via Display Port itself (least preferred) Reliable hardware :)  (I think that should go without saying.)   WOULD BE NICE TO HAVE:   HDMI and Display Port support both - since one of my computers (Mac) uses HDMI and the other (pc) uses Display Port.  But I doubt this exists, so I'm thinking I will use a Display Port to HDMI cable for my PC. USB 3.0 support (but this takes second place to DDM i.e. zero-latency switching) More than two USB ports Ability to activate switching via configurable hotkey Ports for more than 2 computers Low-profile button or switch that extends from the actual KVM (where the cables go) so it can easily sit beside my keyboard Zero-latency video switching (not sure this exists at 4K), to complement the zero-latency keyboard/mouse switching provided by DDM. 60 Hz capability - I don't know how much this really matters but it would be nice I suppose     Hardware that I have (I don't think this is needed but I'm including it for completeness):  I have a 2015 MacBook Pro (the top-of-the line model from just before they added the touch bar) and a work computer that's an HP ProBook 6470b.  The MBP has HDMI and Thunderbolt (a.k.a. Mini DP) output; the HP has VGA and Display Port output.  I have a 4K monitor—a Dell UltraSharp U2718Q.  It's plugged in to the Mac with an HDMI cable and the HP with a Display Port cable.  Switching by using the input source selector leaves the Mac doing just fine (doesn't resize windows), but resizes all my pc's windows whenever I switch away.
I would like to get a "new" casing for my laptop (ASUS K55A), and so I've found a seller on ebay, that sells the exact same model by parts.  I have contacted him about the part number, which he send me. His part number is 13N0-M7A0602.  I've opened my laptop and searched for the marking on mine and found this: My part number is 13GN-8D1AP042-1  I've tried to google both numbers, but couldn't come to a conclusion, whether the replacement part is suitable for my laptop or not.  How much different could a case be, if the part numbers doesn't match?
After agonizing for days and being an irritant all over Stack Exchange trying to sort out my networking woes, I've narrowed down my current purchase needs to fit one of two routers.  One is the Netgear Nighthawk Pro XR500, and the other is the ASUS ROG Rapture GT AC-5300.  I've gone through the specs to the point I'm dreaming numbers (again), and I need a little help determining which better fits my use-case considering range, environment, and hardware.   There is a wired-only router that is a Ubiquiti unit, currently positioned in the basement. I'm using its firewall and it is connected to wall jacks down there, as well.  The wireless router this purchase would replace is two stories above.  Connecting devices on that floor include one hardline connection, one wireless AC (AD is possible, but a wall exists) within 2 feet, and one N connection roughly 35 feet away.   Connecting devices one floor down include two Steam Links, a laptop, an XBox 360, and a smart television.  These are all within 20 feet of the router, as they are almost directly beneath it. All connect via N or AC.  There is also a multifunction printer on Wireless N which is further from the router, across the house, on this floor.  Connecting devices two floors down not using the wired connection are a laptop and another XBox 360.  The range at this point is 45 feet or so.  All of these are G or N connections.  I'm not hoping for a lot here and may put a second wireless unit down there on its own subnet or try to repeat on the same SID.   If the purchase renders the use of the Ubiquiti obsolete, I would like to remove it from the network, but I really like its firewall.  Given the above, which of the two routers would most suit my needs?
mandatory:  1) connected via USB and recognized by windows/linux as standard gamepad, without additional drivers  2) 6 buttons under right thumb, like on sega genesis and sega saturn controllers (the only requirement that sony dualshock 4 v2 and xbox one controllers do not fulfill)  3) 2 analog sticks and 2 analog triggers positioned like on sony dualshock controllers (not like on xbox controllers) and with minimum possible dead zones (would like it to be as good as on sony dualshock and xbox controllers)  desirable:  1) a LOT of extra buttons (recognizable as extra gamepad buttons, not duplicates of other buttons) in all imaginable places except where they are prone to be pressed accidentally or otherwise get in the way (in place where sony dualshock 4 has touchpad, between analog sticks, between analog triggers, underneath like on xbox one elite controller etc)  2) detachable USB cable, preferable with micro USB connector on gamepad's side, USB type C and mini USB are also acceptable  3) ability to work as both wired and wireless, rechargeable li-ion battery that can be replaced without tools, ability to work as wired device when battery is removed (sony dualshock 4 v2 fails this requirement)  4) all-matte case without glossy parts  would be awesome but do not even hope to get:  1) 4 separate buttons in place of d-pad or at least d-pad that looks like 4 separate buttons on the surface like on sony dualshock gamepads  2) keyboard like "chatpad" for xbox controllers  3) small steering wheel between analog sticks  4) nokia BL-5C or other "standard" (widely available) battery instead of proprietary battery with unique shape that has no other uses  does not matter:  1) brand (as long as analog sticks and triggers do not have dead zones and other major issues)  2) price (well, almost)  3) weight (300g is still not too heavy for me)
I want to connect my laptop to a 10 Gb LAN configured for high speed connection. My laptop has a USB-C port and is running Linux.  Is there any USB-C/thunderbolt 3 cable for 10 Gb SFP+ for Linux?
I have a VGA monitor and want to use it with a set-up box that only has RCA output. I want a converter that is RCA to VGA.  I have been unable to find anything likely to work. I have found VGA to RCA converters, but I doubt that they will work in reverse way.
I want to build a silent PC, high end, mainly for playing games and working. With working I mean Visual Studio 2017, about 3 virtual machines and my average 20+ Chrome tabs running at once.  I assume liquid cooling is much more silent for 2 reasons:   The information I got around. Everyone seems to conclude water cooling is more efficient and much more silent. My current system. Case-mounted fans are too loud, even when I set the level to minimum (it features 3 levels).   The catch is I've never mounted a liquid cooling system before, so aside from theory I have nothing to work with. I'll walk you through my soon-to-be rig components, just in case there are any restrictions:   GPU: Asus ROG Strix Geforce GTX 1070. No real choice here, because it's my current one. CPU: i7 8700K. Mainly chosen over Ryzen 2700x because this one has spent some time out there, and it reportedly performs well. Motherboard: Asus ROG Maximus X Hero Wifi AC. For various reasons: It's a very reliable brand, has a lot of features I can use, the documentation is pretty easy to navigate...   I don't know if any other components might be important towards the current matter (which is liquid cooling), please let me know if there's any problem with that.  So all in all, what I want to know is what cooling kit or components should I look for in order to achieve a good result according to what I'm looking for, which is a righ that doesn't make much noise (I also want lower temperatures when running OC components, because I'm going to OC both the CPU and RAM at least, plus the GPU if my model even allow for it, but that's out of this question).  Edit 2018-04-08: Added an EK custom loop, which I deem overexpensive for this purpose. I also changed my motherboard option to Asus ROG Maximus X Hero Wifi AC. I have no idea about liquid cooling, if someone could enlighten me a bit about parts I may not need, or could change to lean the final price to a lower number, that would be awesome.
I’m looking for an SBC (single board computer) that can run Debian to use as a webserver.  Maximum budget is €100 (120 $ / 85 £)  Requirements:   Gigabit ethernet (it’s going to be a webserver) At least 1 USB port (2.0+) Can boot via USB Can run Debian out of the box (‘native’ Debian, can be an official port like Debian ARM64, but not ports like Armbian or Raspbian)   Non-necessities:   At least 1 video out port: (mini) HDMI, (mini) DP, DVI or VGA to access the terminal in case something goes wrong in the network and I can’t use SSH to get in) Capable of being powered through USB (micro) socket Ethernet not going over USB controller
I've never been interested in activity tracker, but I recently saw a Garmin watch that records your track and heart rate when you run and auto-sync on your computer when you get home and it got me interested. However, there is a lot of choices and I'm not sure there is one that fit my needs.  I'm looking for a watch to wear 24/7 that has the following specifications : Must-have specifications:    Display today's date and time on the home screen Display the number of steps I've made in my day on the home screen. Waterproof (Need to be able to take shower and bath with it) Quality wristband that holds up well. (It mustn't accidentally come undone by itself) Heart rate monitor that take measure automatically during my day The watch should automatically upload her data to my phone and/or PC without my intervention. (In a day, we more important thing to take care than having to synch a watch) At least 7 days of battery life (the longer the better). Otherwise, a watch with an extra rechargeable battery that can be swap easily could also suit me.   Specifications I would really like but can live without :      Since I'm wearing it all the time, wristband shouldn't be made with a material that keeps odors easily. (E.G.: tissue that absorbs sweat) if the display isn't always on, there should be a way to activate the display without using the other hand. This because it is a bit cumbersome to have to use two hands to get the time. GPS that track my jogging races Seconds are displayed with the time Seconds are displayed with the time Waterproof (Would be nice if I could swim with it) I would prefer a small watch to a gigantic one because big watches tend to hook on everything.     Money isn't an issue and I'm willing to pay the extra bucks to get the GPS feature.     Is there a watch with all these specifications? If not, which one come the closest to having all of these?
I have an old PC Desktop running Linux lubuntu 17.10.  It works well, but the noise of the CPU FAN is too high, and I would like to reduce that to almost nothing if possible!   The hardware is :   CPU: AMD ATHLON XP 1900+ CPU Fan Cooler: Cooler Master (Model:BS601512H) CM12V MotherBoard: ASRock K7S41GX GPU: MSI Nvidia GeForce4 Ti 4200 PSU: Power Supply ATX12V Pentium IV & PFC LC6550 HDD: Disco SEAGATE Barracuda ATA IV RAM: 1,5Gb of RAM DDR333 (1024MB/166MHz & 512MB/166MHz) DVD   Additional info:   The CPU Fan spins at ±4500 RPM. The CPU temperature is around ±30°. I can't (or don't know how to) change the CPU Fan RPM in the Bios Setup.   Considering this,   What do I need to change to reduce the noise? What is the minimum RPM for this CPU without causing any damage? Can I Put a 120mm Fan, where before was a 60mm Fan, with a little DIY conversion? Does a 120mm Noctua NF-S12B Redux 1200 could be used?   Or, any other advice to reduce the noise without damaging the system?  Thanks for the help!
I would highly appreciate your suggestions regarding the device I have been searching for last couple of months. Please accept my apologies for the long question, I found no other way to ask my doubts than asking what I search for and explain a bit what I have already found.  I am looking for a 2-in-1 to replace the device I am taking with me currently. -Currently I have an android tablet 10 inches which fits perfectly into my purse,  I mainly use it for web surfing and checking my mails, and for fun playing some casual non demanding games both out of home and when back home sitting on the sofa next to my wife,  I would like some text exiting and even spreadsheet, and reply to mails with keyboard. What happens is that due to the keyboard and also programs missing, I find myself waiting for some email answers if they have to be long, and for text editing, to when back home ( I did buy a bluetooth keyboard, logitech and by the way expensive, after a few falls some keys fell from it and also never worked really fine).  As a replacement I would like an improvement, something, touch display: - with keyboard, but that I could use as tablet also. -that was capable of word editing and spreadsheets, but offered me some fun possibilities also  As far as I know I have several options: A) Chrome OS : I don't like having to use drive,  I prefer having programs locally and having a large number of Windows or Android apps/programs available. B)Apple: I respect but I prefer Windows or even Android as I am more used to it and am an android smartphone and windows user. C) Windows next releases with Snapdragon 835, which I discard due to limited windows programs compatibility of these arm-based devices. D) Android with a keyboard :    That is not my prefered option but still there and will go for it if I find nothing. I would probably wait a few weeks and buy the next Galaxy tab S4 which is like 10.5", Android 8.0 oreo, and get it with keyboard and LTE, as Huawei Mediapad M5 just released lacks of audio jack. (Lenovo yoga book looks fancy but the halo keyboard seems unpractical and is android 7.0). E) A windows 10 convertible /2 in 1 which is more expensive but my prefered option. And to find something is where I need your help:  I am trying to find options, if possible not crazy expensive but seeing things I will have to spend more than 1200€ by quite for sure. I was hoping about 1300€ but I think will be more.        The specifications I am looking for are:     -‎fanless so I can use it anywhere silently, as I don't use demanding programs -‎A device which would last long time, some years ahead taking into account future connectivity, so would like at least one  Thunderbolt 3. Also that way would be smaller and can lack of other connections that you could get through a multiple port. -‎with LTE capabilities : don't like using the hotspot and after all wtf if I spend that money at least I expect the same connectivity I will get with an android tablet with LTE, which is much cheaper, and despite smaller screen and no thunderbolt offers now options for word processing. -‎Here a question: will with android 8.0 oreo be possible  to use a mouse and multi - window so you get a pc-like if you add a keyboard with mouse?. - small size so it fits in my purse or similar (here screen size will be one size or another depending on the bezel). Max size of the device for me is ‎11.5 inch (29cm) wide, maybe even 11.8" (30cm), which should be more than 12" screen but with that device size probably will not surpass 12.6". - ‎screen 3:2 - ‎8 ram 256 or higher ssd if possible upgradeable - Ideally should have a light tablet-like charger to carry with me - spanish keyboard, although this will be offered by most producers if I find the device in Spain (for example Eve-V lacks of both spanish keyboard and LTE, like most chinese brands like Teclast, Chuwi, Cube...)  The final contenders are: Dell latitude 7285 2 in 1 is definitely an option but too expensive 2000€ HP elite X2 1012 G1 with lte is definitely an option also around 1500€     Very interesting HP envy with intel processor which will be released soon might be an option (and I prefer its kind of screen stand to the elite X2 and dell 7285 ones) but initially will lack of thunderbolt and LTE!!    Another interesting option is getting a 11.5" affordable Asus vivobook flip 12 fanless with hdd and replacing the 500gb hdd by an ssd which can be done, turning it into totally fanless, but lacks of thunderbolt and lte of course (but cheap and at least has usb type c)     Some discarded ones: (If I'm not wrong):     Lenovo thinkpad x1 tablet depending on the generation lacks some of these Toshiba portege z20t lacks thunderbolt and very thick Microsoft surface lacks of thunderbolt...and even type c Asus models I found lack of LTE... Same with passively  cooled acer Huawei matebook e neither lte nor thunderbolt     Any further ideas? Am I missing something? Hopefully some of you know/own  one model besides the HP elite x2 1012 G1 and the Dell 7285 with these characteristics, already existing or about to be released.  I am only an end user with some basic acknoweledge so I ask for your comprehension if something I wrote is wrong :)  I would wait for a release later this year gladly...or take an older model with less powerful fanless processor if still can be found  Many thanks in advance
The few times I've encountered server gear, the build quality simply amazes me. It's just remarkably well-built, with incredibly solid metal construction throughout. The quality of the front of the chassis and branding, in particular, lend a sense of gravitas I simply don't get from any consumer desktop chassis I've seen. High-end workstations from major PC vendors are often built to a similar level of quality as well.  I realize that with the profit margins typical of high-end IT equipment, vendors can afford to spare no expense on the physical construction of their products, and that it's hard to achieve the same in the price-sensitive consumer market. Nonetheless, are there any modern (not discontinued) consumer- or gamer-oriented desktop chassis built to "big iron" server standards?  I'm looking for high-quality, rigid metal construction in all key areas, with judicious use of plastics only where it does not significantly reduce build quality. There should not be thin, low-quality material that is easily bent, dented, or otherwise damaged. This extends to key interior parts of the case, such as the drive cages. A high level of durability is also expected of any supplied accessories such as pre-installed fans. Branding and design motifs should be physically substantial, extending beyond mere printing on the chassis.  Ideally, the case should be large enough to accomodate an EATX motherboard. In any case, however, it must be able to accept a standard ATX board. It should also be a traditional PC tower—I'm looking for "big iron" build quality, but not the rackmount form factor.  Budget is unlimited, but the solution should be a commercially-available product, not a custom, one-off design. Size and weight are also of no concern, as long as it isn't so large or heavy that it can't be moved into most homes.
I am planning to order a Lenovo ThinkPad E570. It comes with a 4GB DDR4 SODIMM stick. I want to throw in more RAM. So  1) if it's a DDR4 system, would it support DDR3 as well?  2) should I buy an 8GB DDR4 (4+8 =12GB) stick or just get 2 8GB DDR (16GB) sticks for the same price ?  3) how would going for a DDR3 impact performance and also battery life?
I have some conductive ink that I want to use to print circuits. The current method involves painting the ink, but I would like a more precise method.  I am aware of YouTube videos and such explaining how to refill an ink cartridge for an inkjet printer myself, but I would rather not use a cartridge that was previously filled with regular ink in order to avoid contamination.  Are there any printers that cater to this niche market of people wanting to use odd inks?
The quality of portable hard disks have been underwhelming for me, so I want to use datacenter hard disks to store my data (Some of my data are being accessed and overwritten frequently, so I need datacenter hard disks). However the protection of internal disk is not so good. To give more protection to my hard disk, I want to buy a hard disk case. What I want is something like shown in the image below:    It would be nice if it also had the following features (optional):   Support multi-disk integration(for RAID). Have the independent power supply. Have fiber dust(major from cloth and carpet) resistant design. Have vibration(major from tower air conditioner with high performance, table-based electric fans(the enclosure is also placed on the table) and fresh air exchange system(fixed in the wall and can make the ground vibrating)) absorbing design. The SATA interface of the case is attached at the end of a cable, instead of fixed on the case. (to enable the flexibility of hard disk length (even if disk size is 3.5 inch, but I need to add a SAS to SATA adapter when I gain SAS HDD)). The frame of the case can be easily disassembled and reassembled with a standard screwdriver for cleaning and maintenance   If anyone have any experience about that, please, give me some hint or guide. Thanks a lot!
I understand that I would need a controller but im not sure as for the inverter. this is the screen I want to use http://www.gotolcd.com/panel/201010/B125XW02-V0_3685.html  so far I think I understand that an inverter is for screens with ccfl lamps only although from what iv'e been researching I've been getting mixed results  from what I read about the screen I want to use is it's a wled does this mean I don't need one?  as well as this I've also read somewhere else the screen I want to use it's just a led so I've been having trouble trying to find much information.  could ya please have a quick look and suggest and link what inverter i'd need. and if ya could give me a quick explanation of different inverters it would be helpful.  I ask as i'm making a ps2 portable and need a screen of this size and thinness I plan to use a universal controller from ebay (the one that comes with an infrared controller) to use for av for the ps2 and should I decide to add a different console then hdmi as well although up to ps3 can use av so really that's the only required one.  thanks
I have a live stream running that sends a 1080p video stream to Youtube. It receives the data from a camera in the network, converts the stream (using ffmpeg) and uploads it to the Youtube channel. Right now, I am using a Raspberry Pi 3 runing Raspbian Stretch Lite for this which works alright, but I did have some crash issues in the past.   (Note: These issues appeared after about a month of streaming without rebooting. I implemented an automatic reboot now which might solve this problem. It would still be nice to have a system that can run reliably for a long time without crashing.)  Does anyone have a recommendation for a small computer or microcontroller that can handle long time streaming like this? Necessary features:   network interface (wireless or ethernet cable)        dust proof (it is positioned beneath the floor - a fan cooling would probably get clogged easily) enough CPU/memory power for handling ffmpeg for a long time (with reboots every night) size around 15 x 15 x 10 cm (w x d x h) if possible, below 100 Euros
I am looking to go big on cores and have bought the Intel i9 7980XE 18 core processor. I'm trying to find a sane list of parts that will be compatible - I haven't built a computer for about 10 years and things have changed!  These guys have a list for the 7960X but I'm wondering if the parts are good enough to deal with the 7980XE?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0VtuTiwi-k  ASUS Prime X299-Deluxe Mother Board  Corsair Dominator Platinum 64GB (8 x 8GB)  Seasonic Prime Titanium 1000 SSR-1000TD  Samsung SSD 850 Pro 2TB  Samsung SSD 850 EVO 2TB  Samsung NVMe SSD 960 Pro M.2 1TB  Samsung NVMe 960 Pro M.2 512GB  Fractal Design Define R5 w/o window white case  Fractal Design CPU Water Cooler Celsius S36  Fractal Fans  GTX1080ti  Hard Drives WD 6TB Green  So I have a few questions:  One thing i'm wondering is about the storage. They seem to be recommending 5 hard drives. I've never heard of these nvme m.2 drives before but presumably if I only need a small amount of storage then the 512GB m.2 one will be enough for everything, no need for the 1TB m.2 or the other SSDs right?  Will the 650 Watt version of the power supply (https://www.amazon.co.uk/Seasonic-Prime-Titanium-Modular-Supply/dp/B01HXYRJYK) be enough to fuel everything?  I don't need a mega graphics card. This isn't going to be a gaming machine and all I need is to connect an HDMI screen. Can you give me a reason to not get a really cheap graphics card like this? https://www.ebuyer.com/806221-asus-geforce-gt-710-graphics-card-gt710-sl-1gd5
I need a notebook to use Android Studio. Which one below is better (all models have 8GB RAM and 15.6" FHD screen)?   And what is most important in my case (RAM, Processor, SSD...)?  You can also recommend me another model, but notice that:   I want a notebook, not a desktop I want to keep this notebook for at least 5 years (but I can upgrade specific things like SSD or RAM) I can not afford a notebook that costs above R$ 4,000 (~ US$ 1,180 - import taxes included)   .  Samsung Expert X51 (R$ 3,040)   Intel Core i7 7500 U 1TB HD   LG Gram 15Z970-E.BH71P1 (R$ 3,500)   Intel Core i5 7200U 128GB SSD   Asus Vivobook X510UR-BQ292T (R$ 3,500)   Intel Core i7 8550U 1TB HD NVIDIA GeForce 930MX 2GB   Samsung Gaming Odyssey (R$ 3,900)   Intel Core i7 7700HQ 1TB HD GeForce GTX 1050 4GB
I looking for a new laptop with the following requirements:   Under 2000 Candian dollars Touchscreen 15.6" screen Back-lit keyboard i7 series quad core Dedicated graphics card 1TB of storage Win 10   I have found a few laptops that are really close to meeting these requirements but they are always missing one piece or another.
Trying to find out what cpu upgrades I could possibly do for my Toshiba satellite l675d, everything I read made sense then I read more and now I'm just confused. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!
I was referred here from the Raspberry Pi stack exchange.  I'm looking for a bluetooth module that can use an external SMA antenna, that I can interface with a raspberry pi.  I'm very new to raspberry pi, and fairly inexperienced in Bluetooth too, so any advice would be greatly appreciated. I've tried searching to find these answers to no avail, but if they've already been answered elsewhere, I'd be happy to read that thread too.  Ok, so I need a module that can do what I think is the bare minimum capabilities. All it needs to do is read the names of discoverable devices, and their RSS. That's it. Doesn't need to interpret any other type of data, doesn't need to be able to transmit data, doesn't even need to be able to pair.  And, again, it needs to be able to use an external SMA antenna.  It seems like most of the chips that are bluetooth with external antennas seem to have been discontinued.  1) Do you know of currently-sold modules that could accomplish these goals?  2) WiFi modules seem to often have external antennas... could I detect bluetooth devices and RSS with a Wifi module? I know they read similar frequencies, but I imagine they are somehow different and this wouldn't work  3) Would this piece of hardware work? It has an external antenna, but it seems like it's already built to interpret audio signals and deliver them as output. Not sure how I'd go about just getting the simple RSS and not all the other jazz. https://www.tinyosshop.com/index.php?route=product/product&path=65_110&product_id=1003
I have a wired ethernet network connection and want to broadcast it as wifi.    Does anyone know if there are any fairly cheap (<£50) ethernet to wifi converter?  Something like http://www.tabletphonecase.com/sony-mini-wifi-router-vgp-war100?___store=ie would be ideal, if it wasn't for Sony VAIO's!
The question is self-explanatory. I have an i5 4th gen and I'm planning to buy a new CPU. The i7 8700K looks pretty good, but someone told me to wait for 9th gen (because of Spectre and Meltdown).  All opinions and tips are appreciated!
I'm looking for some new over-ear / circumaural headphones in the region of £40-50 (about $45-60 USD before tax). They'll be connected directly to my PC, primarily for listening to music (all sorts) and a little gaming (but not looking for a headset).  Not looking for wireless or noise-cancelling, just a nice pair of headphones that sound good and above all, are comfortable for long periods of wear (say a couple of hours). All suggestions are welcome, or any thoughts on the Pioneer MS5T I'm looking at.
I'm looking for a fitness tracker which does not require uploading all my data to some server. It is ok if the device has this feature as long as I can just not use it.  I don't care what i did a month ago. However I would like to check my heartrate while running/hiking and show distance and elevation gain/loss if possible.  I would prefere a small/light one. After that, the more features are usable without syncing the better.
I'm looking for a wearable, preferred a wristband, to track my sleep cycles and wake me up (silently) at the best time according to what it tracks about me.  If it has other features, such as activity/fitness tracking - cool, but that it won't be a must to wear it all day.  Side/on bad trackers won't be very useful for me, since I live with my girlfriend and so we sleep together in the same bad. So it shouldn't be distracted by other people in the room.  I checked this question, but it's a year and a half old, so maybe there are new things on the market that I'm not aware of.  Any recommendations, or jawbone is still the best and maybe the only choice for that? How about the Mi Band? Thanks!
I was looking at Android Oreo phones and tablets in the store the other day, and they all cost at least $500. Monthly contract payments very much do count.  Is there an inexpensive Oreo device out there?
Question  I'm searching for a device that is simply a box that acts as a USB mouse, with these   A web-search for "mouse button box" returns pages with this $125 assistive  technology device, but it's not quite what I'm looking for, and is a bit pricey.    Specifications   Contains hardware for left/right-click. (may have more buttons) Contains hardware for independent vertical/horizontal scroll wheels. (doesn't have to be a traditional scroll wheel, could be a spinner/knob/fly-wheel) Is ergonomically designed remain stationary, with emphasis on easy of pushing buttons and using scroll wheel devices. Which means, it probably does not contain hardware for actually moving the mouse cursor. That function would be performed with a separate piece of hardware.   except it does not have a feature to move the mouse-cursor. Is  Workarounds that I've tried  I've tried remapping keyboard keys to mouse clicks with programs like AutoHotKey and SharpKeys, but the solution isn't great. It's buggy and unresponsive at time.
I need a mini speaker which looks like a flash drive and uses USB for both power and data (so it doesn’t use 3.5mm audio jack) for a Raspberry Pi project. It doesn’t have to be   So loud Super high quality   But it has to be   Affordable Small, preferably like a flash drive   Does such thing even exist? If it does, then please tell me, I have been searching since yesterday and didn’t find anything.
Hello guys I am going to buy a prebuilded pc soon (I know I should't and it will be way more expensive but it's nothing I have control over so please don't mention that) and I can't really chose between two computers. The specs are:  //First PC// Intel Core I5-8400 Coffee Lake, Asrock Z370 PRO4, 8GB DDR4 3000MHz Adata XPG D10, EVGA Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 Ti 4GB GDDR5, 1TB 3.5" Seagate Barracuda, Cost:1,499 BGN  //Second PC// AMD Ryzen 5 1600 (3.2 GHz 16MB), ASRock A320M-DGS, NVIDIA GTX1050Ti 4GB, 16 GB DDR4 2400 MHz, 1TB 7200rpm, 120 GB SSD, Cost:1,468 BGN  These are the specs. Please give your hones opinion and also "defend" your words. I will be playing on 1080p with modern games (GTA 5, Battlefield 1, Rainbow Six Siege etc.)
Right, so I am essentially looking for something like this device to toggle which device my keyboard and mouse go to. But honestly I'm looking for a solution where I can toogle it also by pressing a hotkey on my keyboard or a macro.
I am looking for a slim usb pen drive with just a type c connector.  Something like this: https://www.sandisk.com/home/usb-flash/ultra-fit Has anybody seen something like that already?  Best -johannes
Have to choose between:   13, mid 2013 i5/8gb $800 15, mid 2014 i7/16gb (lower model) $1200   I plan to use it for android studio, some web programming, js.  Let's presume both models are in a good state and from the reliable sources (not stolen and person who sell it is well-known). Here, in Ukraine, the laptops' prices are high, no official Apple stores, and all the laptops above 150 euro (it means all) are subject to extra taxation so regular prices on Dell, etc are higher than in US or Europe.  Should I choose between these two or go visit Europe and buy the new model?   Honestly I hate the design of gaming laptops with big frames, strange cooling "grilles" as in Dell 7577 or shining signs on cover as it on Omen, RoG etc. That is like expensive toys.   Considering Lenovo Thinkpads - they are good in design, but config like i7+16gb+256gb (consider this minimum enough for Windows) costs a fortune. Any suggestions?
I'm designing a newer model for an old analogue exchange. In the original model, the different handset connectors are connected(through transformer) to a matrix, which is controlled by the CPU. The main difference required for the new model is the ability to configure the exchange via modem. I have 2 questions regarding this matter: 1. Do you have a recommendation for a modem(at least v.34) chip or chipset? As board size is a bit tight, a solution with small board area can be helpful. 2. How do I connect the modem to the matrix? Do I need a transformer between them like the handsets have? seems silly since the modem is on the same board as the matrix, so no insulation is required...
I have a 4k monitor that has HDMI and display port. The problem is that it is HDMI 1.4 and is only able to display 4k content at 30Hz. For me that is unacceptable. Over display port, 4k is displayed at 60Hz which delivers a far better experience.  I want to use this monitor as a TV and need a player that plays 4k content at 60Hz and has display port. Also a digital audio output would be a pre.  My preference is a single device with a remote control. But any alternative is welcome, including building something my own. However consider the following:   It has to be silent (no annoying fans) Starts up quickly and is instantly available as media player Software should be easy to use It is controllable with a remote control The price is like, say an Apple TV 4k (a bit more is acceptable)   Any advice is welcome too, except buying a new monitor ;-)
I have a two options.   two dell P2417H 23' one LG 32MA68HY-P 32' (window split available)   I'm developing web(front and back) and usually using vim and sublime text. I'll connect to my 2017 13' MBP.  Which one is better? Recently, I've never used monitor. So I don't imagine which one is better to me.
I have a desktop running an i3-2100 (LGA 1155 socket). The desktop is close to a decade old at this point and still running the stock Intel fan (this one), which is also incidentally the only one in my mid tower apart from the one on the PSU (a Corsair VS550), so I'm looking for an aftermarket replacement that is both quieter and more effective at cooling. I'm also on a low income, so I really need it to be cheap.  So far I've found this one, and will probably end up going with it unless someone here informs me that it will actually perform worse than stock or there's a much better option for very close to the same price point (talking a difference of around £5).
I'm looking to update my current gaming and work laptop to something featuring the latest CPUs and GPUs. Unfortunately, 120 Hz FHD screens seem to be more popular than 4K this year.   Does anyone know of a good gaming laptop that has a six-core 8th-gen Intel CPU, a GTX 1080 (or maaaaybe 1070), and a 4K screen or thereabouts?   Preferred but not necessary:   Lots of storage space. M.2 raid support to transfer current hard drives.  64+ GB RAM support.  15.6 inches.
I'm looking for a new laptop mainly for programming work. I don't have much knowledge about hardware but what is most important to me is just for the laptop to be fast while starting up and running applications, so I decided some of my requirements would be:   at least i5 proccessor 8gb ram at least full hd resolution (helpful when designing websites)   What doesn't have much importance to me:   whether it has touchscreen or not how much it can work without battery camera / audio quality   My budget is around 1000$ - $1200 although I know the prices might vary around the world. I bumped onto a Dell Inspirion 15 5570-2890 which has following specs:   processor : Intel Core i7-8550U disk : ssd 256GB graphics card : AMD Radeon 530 RAM : 8GB   I very much like that it has i7 processor, but as I've been looking around other shops and online I saw most of laptops in similar price range have i5 processors and I'm wondering if there is some catch to this laptop or would it be a good deal? Also I'm wondering if there are some options similar to this Dell that you could recommend?
I am looking for an E-ink tablet that can be used well as a substitute for physical college textbooks.   It should have a pdf-reader that is versatile in the sense that it has many features that are useful for reading textbooks:    easily put bookmarks on pages; (preferably multiple types of bookmarks)  easily go to chapters based on contents section;  easily switch back and forth bookmarked pages, or between chapters; (preferably easily switch between pdfs) draw notes in existing pdf files with a pen. easily go through such notes or bookmarks.   Easily transfer files to the tablet via wifi Bonues: taking notes in a note-taking app.  doesn't necessarily have to do anything else (e.g. no youtube, email, etc)   One such tablet that comes to mind is "reMarkable". However, from what I've seen online, it is very limited when it comes to bookmarks, content section, etc.   What are the best e-ink tablets that satisfy these requirements, and can be used as a good substitute for college textbooks?
I am planning to buy a laptop. I am not in a huge rush. So I can perfectly wait another 3/4 months with no issues. I am looking for a laptop to work mainly. I will mostly remote from it to my office desktop so a very good screen and keyboard are important so that I can perform multiple tasks simultaneously while remoted. Stuff that I care about:  1) Processing power - I run heavily computational stuff (paralellized codes). I mainly use my desktop for those, but would always be nice to have the option of running some lighter stuff on the laptop (not very important)  2) Graphics card - I played a lot of games more than 10 years ago. I would like to start playing again. With cloud gaming coming soon mainstream, maybe it is not that important to have a good graphics card. I would mostly play tomb raider, csgo, pubg.  3) Durability/Longevity - This is important for me. I would like the laptop to last under normal usage.  4) Portability - I travel once every other week and need my laptop.  With so many tradeoffs not sure what should I buy. I compiled a list below with 5 laptops I narrowed down. The last 3 lines are my personal opinion.
So I've been googling for a while but I can't seem to find an mp3 player device that satisfies my requirements. I need something like an iPod Touch but not an iPod touch (not a big fan of Apple). My requirements are:   Can play mp3 for a long time without charge (25 hrs +). Can display mp3 files with a variety of tags (artist, composers, genres, playlists, etc..). Has an internal memory of at least 128GB OR can support a microSD card up to at least 128GB. Must have bluetooth. As for the price I would like if it could be less than 350 euros but if your find something more expensive feel free to recommend it as well.    What I don't care about: Display quality, camera quality, anything that concerns the video basically. I'm looking for a device primarily for mp3, but it needs to have a display and a GUI though.  So, any ideas?  Thanks in advance.
I have seen many articles online about using a phone or computer to act as a Bluetooth-WiFi(internet) bridge, where you can share the internet connection with other devices over Bluetooth. But I have not seen any generic stand alone devices that would allow this same function. I have seen ones for specific IoT devices that allow Bluetooth light bulbs and such to be accessed over WiFi but not a generic one. Has anyone seen such a device?
I'm looking for a receipt scanner which can scan very long receipts (up to 30 feet long) and produce a single image or PDF. Ideally it would have Optical Character Recognition (OCR) and produce a PDF with the text information (for example, you would be able to search for words when you open the PDF in something like Adobe Acrobat, or you could extract the text content into a .txt file using separate software).   Since I don't want it for the purpose of using with software like Neat, I'd rather not pay extra money for included software like that, if possible.
Hi! What do you think about the series lenovo thinkpad? I want to buy a new laptop. I have a good PC at the work. A laptop is an additional computer. Sometimes, I may use it at work (ASP.NET, C#). Now, I'm choosing from 2 models: Lenovo Thinkpad L380 yoga and Asus Zenbook UX430. I think, that me will have enough of their performance. I saw a zenbook and I liked it. But some people said, that Thinkpads better, but it's a L-series, but not the T or X. Lenovo - https://www.informatique.nl/185248/lenovo-thinkpad-yoga-l380-20m5-laptop.html Asus - https://www.dateks.lv/en/cenas/portativie-datori/157603_asus_zenbook-ux430ua-gv259r-royal-blue-14-fhd-ips-core-i5-8250u-8gb-256gb-ssd-windows-10-pro  Thanks for your answers!
What would be the best display type for a wall mounted monitor that rotates photographs and artworks as an aesthetic piece? Is there anything that works well with glare and also lacks the telltale backlighting they gives most monitors away?
I’ve been charged with finding an external monitor (wall mount) 32, for a friend’s 2010 MacBook Pro. I’ve no idea where to start.  Regarding connectivity (she says no WiFi and/or no Bluetooth).  Doesn’t an external monitor or tv typically require an HDMI cable? I don’t believe the 2010 15 laptop even has that port, and her laptop is in the shop, she knows even less than me and I’ve been unable to that information online so far.  Her price point is max 500. I’m at a loss as to where to begin. Any help on what questions I need to ask, where to look, and dare to dream, suggestions on what to buy would be greatly appreciated.
I am looking for the not very expensive receiver. The main things I am interested in:   5.1-7.1 support As much TOSLINK (optical) ports as possible Possibility to control it without IR (RS232, TCP/LAN, etc)   Can you please suggest some models, I'll try to research our market ...  UPDATE: there is no too much requirements from my side. I have currently ONKYO TX-SR 601 E receiver that is 435×175×432mm and that's more or less max size I need. The price I'm trying to hit is ~400$ for the used unit.
I have need to connect a large drive (1TB at least) via USB 3 (including a USB 3 hub) in a situation that requires maximum durability under heavy write load for extended periods of time. I was hoping to get some recommendations for products/brands to look at.  The current setup is:   Samsung 850 EVO SSD inside PNY 2.5" USB3 enclosure connected via Some generic USB3 hub   I would love any recommendations for changing any part of this setup. At the moment something (I suspect the USB3 enclosure controller, but I'm still testing) is failing causing the drive to unmount after about 2min of sustained heavy writes. The 850 EVO is fine under this workload by itself.  I realise that a USB3 interface and a USB3 hub are non-ideal, but I am stuck with a machine that has only as a single USB3 port and no SATA/etc. I cannot change the machine.
The relevant part of my system is straightforward - a Radeon R9 370 card with HDMI + DisplayPort output. The monitor is a 4K (3840 x 2160) Dell UltraSharp UP3216Q with HDMI 2.0 and DisplayPort connectors.  My underlying problem is the well-known issue that when the monitor turns off, or the second monitor changes, my windows all move around. I've tried a number of fixes but none work well. Those that do, work by forcing the EDID values in Windows, which means if I do disconnect or change the monitor (as opposed to just turning it off), it still thinks there's a 3840 x 2160 attached, when it should resize to a smaller screen :)   My solution is to move to a pass-through EDID emulator to solve this properly. The intended effect is that if I turn the monitor off but the cable is still connected, Windows will see it (due to the emulator) as still connected, and windows won't move round. But if the cable itself is unplugged, the EDID emulator will be disconnected with it and Windows will see a change of monitor or loss of monitor instead, which is ideal behaviour. That should fix it, if the EDID emulator works as expected.   Important point to note: The EDID emulator needs to be a "pass through" type - one that has male and female ports, "listens" to the monitor's own EDID, and remembers/emulates it when the monitor isn't powered on. "Headless", "dummy" or "ghost" EDID emulators are the wrong type. Those types are used to fake a monitor totally, to a computer that doesn't have any monitor at all, so that the graphics card will be fully used in calculations and remote desktop work. A headless/dummy EDID emulator only have one port, a bit like a USB stick, and won't do the job I need; it needs to be pass-through.   The problem is that 3840 x 2160 DisplayPort pass-through EDID emulators are either extremely new on the market, or not on the market yet, and I want this now :)  My proposed solution is to notice that my monitor has HDMI 2.0 as well as DisplayPort. That means I could feed it 3840 x 2160 on the HDMI port and use an HDMI EDID emulator instead. Unlike DisplayPort, I'm pretty sure that 3840 x 2160 HDMI pass-through EDID emulators are much easier to find on the market and cheaper too, and this would solve my Windows problem equally well.  My adapter's HDMI output is already in use, so I would need to get a DisplayPort to HDMI adapter as well. The connection would be:    (R9 370 adapter Displayport) -> (DisplayPort cable) -> (DP to HDMI 2.0 adapter) -> (HDMI 2.0 pass-through EDID emulator) -> monitor   I'm guessing I will need an HDMI 2.0 emulator and adapter for this resolution. My questions are the obvious ones:   Will an HDMI EDID pass-through emulator work correctly "behind" a DP to HDMI adapter?(I can't think of a reason it wouldn't but you know how compatibility and media changing can be. I could be wrong.) Can DP to HDMI adapters, and HDMI EDID emulators be found, that work at 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz? 2. Will HDMI 2.0 handle it? Are all adapters/emulators pretty much equally reliable for this kind of need, or should I go for a specific buty more expensive brand?(Cheaper is best if possible!) If it'll work, what would be a recommendation for the cheapest "known good" adapter and emulator I should get?   I'm in the UK and usually buy on Amazon or EBay.
I a looking for a SPO2 monitor for my mother who has COPD.    Requirements:   It must be able to be worn overnight so it needs to measure either on a wristband or on a non compression finger monitor. Must connect to either bluetooth or wifi. Need the ability for it to send an alarm and/or be able to get the data programmatically to notify a person offsite. (If it the data is available online this is fine.  I have full capability of gathering the data from a website or any other type of repository.)
I have a NAD D 3020 amplifier that comes with a remote controller, but the remote is crap (and I'm not the only one to say it). Fortunately, they have a document with all the remote codes, some of which are not even available with the supplied remote. The codes are something like:  Function     Format Address Data   Address Data                     Hex     Hex    Dec     Dec ----------------------------------------------- Power Off    NEC    877C    C8     34684   200 ...   Is there a universal remote that would allow programming its keys with these codes, instead of relying on manufacturer/model references (which may be wrong, or missing, or incomplete), or on learning (which requires a working remote to learn from)?
I'm going to begin an additional 3 years of school in September, and I was thinking about buying a laptop i could use for the next 3 years or more if possible.  My budget is 600€.  The point is that I will never use it to play videogames, not even once, so I'm asking which kind of components is the most important...  Shall I take a laptop without graphic card and with bad cpu ?  Actually, all I want is a snappy laptop (preferably with a SSD) to program, 15 inch on which I can set up a dual boot. I would prefer the laptop be be quiet.  I won't need more than 500 gigabytes storage.
I'm looking for a hobbyist microcontroller that can have its code modified very frequently (like code generated on the fly, or polymorphic code), without worrying about running out of write cycles. Meeting any one of these requirements will fulfill this:   Uses a Von Neumann architecture, or Has the ability to use some of its RAM as code memory despite being Harvard architecture, or Can execute code from external memory/storage, or Has internal nonvolatile storage with no write cycle limit (e.g., MRAM)   In addition, it should have both of these requirements:   Supported by an open-source toolchain, and Usable without needing to surface-mount solder (i.e., either available in a DIP package or pre-mounted on a breakout/dev board)
I am thinking about replacing my old Samsung 700T (Intel Core i5 3317U 1700MHz / 4Gb RAM / 3G / touchscreen) laptop.    Is there something on the market which is close to it in terms of usability, just more modern or am I looking for a unicorn ?    Intended usage   Software development; Internet browsing.   I.e. File system, CPU, and memory intensive labor + usability in terms of text (code) visibility on the screen. WiFi network independence is a huge bonus.  Required parameters   built-in 4G (LTE) adapter; 13" — 15" anti-glare display; 8th Generation Intel® Core™ i7 processor (or "better"); 256+ Gb SSD (526 Gb is preferable); 8 Gb RAM with a possibility of upgrade (16 Gb is preferable); Great video card is NOT required; Touchscreen is NOT required; Budget is open-ended, but ideally below $1500/2000 USD.   Nice to have   Back-lit keyboard; 4+ hours long living battery. Port-rich form factor.     Close examples   ASUS ZenBook UX430UA-DH74 — Misses LTE adapter.      Dell XPS 13 (9370) -- Misses LTE adapter; mixed reviews.       Update  Actually, this might be something I am looking for ThinkPad X1 Carbon 6th Gen
Apart from being a programmer I am also a hobby 3D designer, 3D artist, webdesigner and photographer. My current XMG C405 laptop is getting old and has a few issues, the main one being, it only has one HDMI out.  Now I want to replace that old machine with a new one, but I cannot quite find any reliable information about 3D creation performance. There is a ton of benchmarks for gaming but that is not very comparable by my experience.  So here are the two setups I had in mind. One using Ryzen and one using Coffee Lake. The reason why I consider Ryzen is the better multi core performance. Also all the 3D and Adobe software I use supports multi core.  The Ryzen setup   CPU: Ryzen 7 2700X MB: ASUS PRIME X470-PRO GPU: SAPPHIRE Radeon RX 580 PULSE RAM: G.Skill DIMM DDR4-3200 32GB manufacturer code: F4-3200C16S-16GVK SSD: Samsung 960 EVO 1TB   The Coffeelake setup is basically the same just the CPU and mainboard are different   CPU: Core i7-8700K MB: ASUS ROG STRIX Z370-F Gaming GPU: SAPPHIRE Radeon RX 580 PULSE RAM: G.Skill DIMM DDR4-3200 32GB manufacturer code: F4-3200C16S-16GVK SSD: Samsung 960 EVO 1TB   Which one would you consider better for 3D graphics and photography. Would you switch any parts?  EDIT: What would you guys say about the graphics card for rendering and graphics? I checked out the nvidia GTX 1060 but it seemed a bit expensive for the few percent more performance, do you have any suggestion?  If you would like to see what kind of art I make you can checkout here: http://design.ulbricht.codes/ Yes I own a hipster domain
i'm setting up a computer with an LGA1151 cpu socket, and i'm looking for the cpu that would use the least amount of electricity for this motherboard. the cpu will not be stressed in the slightest, and does not need to be fast. i already have a computer doing the same tasks, running on a 2-core 35W TDP i3-7300T with hyperthreading disabled, and cpu frequency locked to 800MHz, and htop reports the cpu usage as being roughly "5-8% per core"  going by TDP, it seems the 25W TDP Intel Xeon E3-1235L V5 is my best bet, but i don't know if TDP is a good indicator, because that's "power consumption during high-intensity workloads", which is not what i'll be using it for.. suggestions?  (also i'm confused at how the 4-core Xeon can use less power than all the 2-core / 1-core alternatives, going by TDP, but i guess that should be a separate question)
I am looking for an simple external RAID enclosure that meets the following specs:   3x 3.5" or more RAID5 JBOD compatible with 12 TByte drives compatible with Linux average performance not very loud (= large fan or fans with slow speed) connect via USB3 to host system; LAN is nice but not necessary Kensington slot for locks or other possibility to attach a steel cable   Whatever product I could find online seems to lack essential criteria. Either the enclosure is well built, then it exhibits slow and even erratic data transfer speeds. Or it is well built but does not support 12 TByte drives. Or it is quite perfect but the fan is very noisy. Et cetera.  Does anyone know of a well built product?
I have a Lenovo Thinkstation E32 and I want to install an SSD to speed up my computer, but I got stuck on some specifications such as SSD M.2 and SSD M.2 NVMe. I read that NVMe is more powerful than SSD M.2.   I'm thinking I need to install an adapter to use this NVMe PCIe M.2 in my computer, because I already have a PCIe Graphics Card installed. What adapter can I use that will allow the highest speed transfers that will fit in my computer?
I have an old desktop running Linux, and I would like to put a SSD in as my main drive (replacing the current HDD).  The idea is to speed up the computer by placing the OS and applications in the SSD. I'm looking to buy a 120-250 GB, SATA3 SSD and some type of connector/adapter (like IDE/PATA to SATA) so it works with my current motherboard. Sometime later I will upgrade other parts (motherboard, cpu, ram) or transfer this drive to another computer.  Some of the Hardware being used :   CPU: AMD ATHLON XP 1900+ MotherBoard: ASRock K7S41GX PSU: Power Supply ATX12V Pentium IV & PFC LC6550   Because this is more of a intermediate upgrade, I would like to spend on the connector (or other solution) as little as possible. It has to make sense from a purchase point of view, otherwise making the full upgrade would be a better choice (And probably this is the only solution in this case).  Thanks for any help!
I have to setup a meeting room, I'm going to buy a big TV, speakers, polycom phone and I want a reccomendation about the video/audio sharing chance. The first solution is a simple HDMI cable between the table and the TV/Speakers but I would like to know if exists some good wireless alterantives.  I saw Airtame but if possibile I want to avoid the software installation in the PC, for example meeting guests don't want to install custom software in their devices.  I saw Ubiq but I don't like the internet approach, better to not be bound by network bandwidth. Not all guests are enabled to internet access.
I am a IT professional, recently got into learning Video Editing for YouTube content creation. Currently I have tested few video editing tools on a laptop with below specs and the render times were devastating and frustrating. I created a sample 2 min project in After Effects and the render time was 8 hours with below specs.  Dell 3542 Intel Core i5 4210U 8.00GB Single-Channel DDR3 @ 798MHz Intel HD Graphics Family (Dell) 2047MB NVIDIA GeForce 820M (Dell) 232GB Samsung SSD 850 EVO 250GB (SSD)   It got me thinking, what's the best PC I can build or Laptop I can purchase within ₹60-70K that would significantly reduce these render times and motivate me in using such powerful application? Even the Apple recommendation would do to if in the mentioned budget as I am open to other applications as well such as Final Cut Pro X.  Note: I plan to editing and creating content in 1080p, not more than that for now.  Thanks in advance!
I'm looking for recommendations for a good quality digital sound recorder.  Here are some requirements:   Small enough to be easily concealed. Preferably large enough to fit in a pocket. Able to run wirelessly. Rechargeable batteries would be preferred, but they don't seem to be common with this type of device. Has good quality recording, which is also not badly affected by surrounding noise. The usual way of handling this seems to be to have multiple microphones, but I don't care what method is used. Able to record conversations on Android phones, preferably via internal connections to the phone Able to record conversations in different standard formats, and at different levels of quality Works well with Linux systems   Nice to haves include:   The ability to be used as a standalone microphone as well as a recorder Durable. Can cope with being dropped, for example.   Note that I'm India, which limits available choices. But feel free to include options without regard to availability here.  I'm not too concerned about price, but anything more than say USD 200 will probably be too expensive for me.  I've been looking at the Zoom series of sound recorders, particularly the H1N. But I'm open to other suggestions.
I recently bought a Eurocom X4C, with a GeForce GTX 1080, an 8700K, a 2 TB SSD, a 1 TB HDD, and two PCIe SSDs in RAID.  It came with a 330 watt power supply. This seems to be sufficient, giving me 60 FPS at 1440p in the games I like to play (and is heavy enough and produces enough heat and fan noise by itself), but is it limiting performance?   The manufacturer lists several compatible power supplies, going up to, I think, 740 W so it's not merely a matter of finding the right one: there's actually options. It's not necessarily trivial, either: the necessary power might depend on the anticipated workload (gaming at up to 4K, some scientific computations, video editing). Overclocking is possible, too, which could potentially push the necessary wattage over the minimum.    If you look at the maximum wattage of the components, it's 180 W for the GPU, 95 W for the CPU (but I've seen some sites say that 130 is needed "thermally," whatever that means). The RAM could add as much as 16 watts, and then there's the fan and motherboard to consider, plus the drives. This could take it over 130. On the other hand, I am not sure how likely the computer is to hit these limits in everyday usage.   What power supply should I purchase for this laptop in order to meet the power requirements of the components for the work I need to do? The 330W default supply, or something higher? Or even something lower?
I'm looking for a GPS logger to create tracks whilst walking that I can later use to geotag photos. I have been using a Q-Starz BT1000P for this for several years, but would like to replace it for the following reasons:   I can't trust that it will work for more than 1-2 days as there are no indications of failure - I once lost an entire day's track because it had frozen completely early on, and lost another day trying to fix it - ultimately I needed to pull the battery for an extended period to reset it, losing all data that was on it. As a consequence I download the log daily Accessing/downloading the tracks requires using Q-Starz's proprietary software - this requires Windows (for driver and software), and a working internet connection (to actually do anything) due to a dependency on Google Maps API. This software hadn't been updated in quite some time, and uses an embedded Internet Explorer instance to display the map, which given that Google Maps doesn't support IE any longer means that it is just a matter of time before it stops working completely.   Therefore, what I'm looking for is something that records logs in a format that is easily readable and doesn't require special OS-specific software/drivers to access - e.g. exposing itself as a flash drive, or recording to an SD or micro SD card - that I could then access via USB-OTG with my Android smartphone, or preferably backup automatically to my WD My Passport Wireless Pro (which is a self-contained battery-powered HDD with a USB port and SD card reader for automatic 'headless' importing/backing up of SD cards and USB flash drives).  Requirements:   Log position frequently enough to create an accurate walking track (every few metres/seconds) Battery life of at least 1-2 days walking whilst tracking (min 12 hours per day), preferably longer USB chargeable, or with user replaceable batteries (if replaceable then non-proprietary), to allow for longer term (e.g. week-long) use Log format is readable on Windows/Android, and easily converted to GPX Currently available to purchase in UK/EU - emphasising this as all of the options I've seen recommended (for example in Recommended driverless GPS loggers? on GIS Exchange) have long been impossible to buy
I want to build a small cluster of about 10 computers for each about $100. I have two options:   Single Board Computer running Octa-Core ARM CPUs   OR   Mini-ITX board with integrated Quad-Core Intel/AMD (even with an integrated processor, there are many options for quad-core CPUs in the range of $30-40). I would prefer form factor of pico-ITX but there are not many affordable options.   My main question is if an octa-core ARM processor can do the job of a common quad-core Intel processor for computational calculations?  The performance and benchmark of SoC seem really good but I am not sure if they can do the job under constant pressure.
I'm looking to get a second monitor for my 2018 27" iMac.   The Dell P2715Q seems to be a common choice. It comes in 27" and 24" sizes. The first review on the Amazon site says that      the 24" has the highest pixel density for the resolution -- if you go   up to 27 or 28" you will get excellent resolution but not as crisp   text   Can anyone verify this? Or does anyone other suggestions for an external display for an iMac?   I will be mounting this second monitor in portrait mode, and using it for coding and reading. I value really clear text, the way my 5k monitor for the iMac provides. I especially like that zooming in with the trackpad preserves the clarity of the text. (Though this may be true for every hi-res monitor.)  My plan is to connect the monitor to the iMac with a display port -> USB-C cable.
I would like to get a laptop, preferably with GTX 1080, install Linux on it and run deep learning frameworks such as Caffe or TensorFlow. These are all the requirements regarding the hardware. I have heard, though, that some laptops can have problems with drivers or there can be some incompatibility issues with the GPU under Linux. Is there anybody who made it work on their laptop and could make a recommendation on which laptop the setup worked?
Hi I am searching for development board, which cost less than 150$ and also supports VP9 encoding decoding at 720p30fps.  Is there any development board available?
I am a software developer, recently moved to a new office with huge windows. There is so much sunlight that the regular monitor I have been provided with looks dark at 100% brightness. Is there a good 27' monitor with brightness similar to macbookpro retina, for example? It will be used with a mac mini.
I find on Google about the motherboard for I3 8100 + GTX 1060 but it keep saying about Asus - Prime Z370-P ATX LGA1151 Motherboard, which is a near high-end motherboard at $120 for Intel Core I7 which is for my budget build, it is unacceptable. So any alternative solutions for this motherboard ?
I am searching for a commercial off the shelf device, or list of devices, or general name of the appliance, that perform(s) the following:   Has at least two radios that can be configured such that one is a wireless client to a a "WAN" network, and the other is an access point to a private network that the router manages (DHCP, gateway, etc.) At least one physical ethernet port on the private network as the wireless access point. Router provides NAT internet access for the private network (WAP and physical ethernet clients) to the wireless "WAN". Of course, WAP and physical ethernet clients on the private network can communicate with each other.   I am able to do this with DD-WRT rather effortlessly, but as DD-WRT is not considered robust, it does not satisfy the requirements I've been handed (and of course there is the issue with robustness of SOHO products in general). I'm afraid I can't go into detail about why the above setup is necessary, suffice it to say that after long discussions it is decidedly the only setup that will work in our situation.  Although this may be a niche use case, it does seem like such a device should have a market and so not be difficult to find, but my google capabilities appear to have failed me here.
My friend recently made a Cable Cam prototype in his garage, he stripped down a cheap £15 RC car and used the internals of that and made a very decent cable cam, however one of the main flaws being the RC car was using infrared, so it didnt really work outside of his garage.  He wants to take it up a notch and has come to me for advice but I am way out of my depth, but it is something I would love to get to know more about and I am pleased he has asked for a parter to collaborate with.  I was thinking of using an Arduino board to power the motors and receiver, but want some advice on transmitters and receivers please. We are looking for something that will work around 100m away and about 15m up in the air. Would this be possible using 2.4ghz? Or would I need to use something more/less powerful? I am also wondering whether we would require antenna's etc?  I know this is a broad subject but any pointers in the right direction would be very much appreciated.  Thanks everyone in advance.
I currently have a laptop and a desktop PC, one for work, one for games, and I wish to use the same peripherals for both using TB3 somehow.  The ideal solution would be to have a Thunderbolt 3 splitter/switch but I couldn't seem to find a reasonably priced option or anything at all.  I recently purchased a BenQ PD2710QC, which has a Thunderbolt 3 dock built into it. It works beautifully with my laptop and peripherals but only has one TB3 input.  If I install a Thunderbolt 3 PCI-E card (like this Gigabyte Alpine Ridge Dual Thunderbolt 3 Type C PCI Card) in my desktop, plug one port in from my laptop and plug the other into the BenQ PD2710QC - could it work? Or is there a better way to approach this, besides changing cables every time?
I am currently using a gigabyte gaming3 with an Intel Core i7-6700k CPU @ 4.00GHz with 32 gigs of ram. However, due to the gaming 3’s limitation, I can only fit 64 gigs of ram. I am thinking of upgrading to an ASUS - MOTHERBOARDS Z10PE-D16 WS with maybe 2 Intel Xeon E5 2650 V3 ES QFSB 2.1GHz 25MB with 10 cores each. or 14 cores, One of the reason is that I intend to use this machine for my lab exercises which consist of running virtualizations systems and building some database clusters and I also I want to be able to play heavy duty games like Crysis, Hitman, Grand Theft Auto V, Battlefield 1, and CS-Go on this machine. I will like some advice on whether I should go with 2 Xeon motherboard or stick to a single CPU motherboard. My current CPU has only 4 cores.
I am kind of lost when it comes to the "Pro" segment of system building, and I have trouble choosing a suitable platform, specially when everytime I search for something I get bombarded with gaming buzzwords and gaming "gear" everywhere.  The required configuration I have in mind includes:   3xNVMe SSDs vía a PCIe x16 card (like the ASUS Hyper M.2 x16 card), but I want to use the drives individually, not in RAID A regular SATA III spinning hard drive An x16 graphics card   Extended configuration (supporting this isn't a must, but it would be great for the long run):   An USB 3.1 PCIe card A 10Gbit ethernet card   I don't care much about memory, so anything that supports DDR4 at 2400 is ok.  What Ryzen CPU+mobo would support such configuration?   My main drive is Linux and I plan to use Windows via KVM+Qemu with PCI passthrough, so anything that helps virtualization (VT-d/x) is also welcome, if that matters
I realise this may not be the correct SE Site for the question, so if anyone could point me towards the correct one that would be helpful, but this seemed appropriate!  I'm looking for a pair of noise blocking earphones. I work in a loud office environment, and really struggle to focus with any sort of noise. I'm not looking for suggestions on how to get around this in any other way however - I'm working on that!   I was hoping to get a pair of earplugs/earphones/headphones that will block out as much sound as possible. Due to the environment, I suspect noise-cancelling won't be an awful lot of use however. I would be hoping to pay under £100, but suggestions at different pricing points would be helpful if anyone has any recommendations that they can personally vouch for.
What are options for a laptop with a screen less then 12 inches that runs Windows 10? I'm looking for something ultra portable to do basic programming using a text editor and WSL. I'm hoping for at least 4 gigs of ram and a 128 gig ssd. Screen quality is not an issue since I'm blind. I'd rather pay less and not get a 4k screen.
I understand that I am looking for the best of many worlds here, but if I can satisfy these criteria it would be a huge help to me.  I recently bought a CPU cooler to replace the stock Intel one that came with my CPU (E97379-001 on an i3-2100). The cooler needed to be low profile, as good at cooling my i3 as the stock cooler, quieter than it, and also pretty cheap as I'm on a low income. The Arctic Freezer 11 LP was recommended in that thread and it seemed like the best fit.  The problem with the Intel E97379-001 stock cooler was that while it was usually relatively quiet at idle, it started to get loud at higher loads. After having received and installed the Arctic Freezer 11 LP, I've run into the opposite problem: its speed and sound is always consistently at the same sound level, no matter what the load seems to be, and that happens to be about as loud and about as annoying as the stock Intel one at full load.    I've also noticed that when I place my hand around the vicinity of the fan, I can't feel much air being moved around it like I could with the Intel cooler. This is despite the cooler being connected to the PWM pin and the fact that I've made sure it's properly installed. The review and tests here seem to make sense of this.   So here I am,  looking for a quieter, low profile alternative to the Arctic Freezer 11 Low Profile at roughly the same price (ideally less than £20, but failing that, feel free to recommend alternatives and I'll select the cheapest). As always, I'm grateful to anyone who knows their way around the world of PC coolers and can help with this.
i'm looking for a 4G router that would provide low ping times. any suggestions?  i don't care about the price, size, portability, or looks, that's irrelevant. any 4G router that a can provide a great connection, in terms of low ping? (total throughput is not even important, as long as it's not terrible, it's only ping reduction i'm aiming for)
I have a ASRock Extreme4 motherboard and would like to add one or two extra fans to my current rig (Carbide Air 740).  But I do not know where to plug in the fan, and I'd rather not unlpug another fan to trade ; I'm already using all the chassis slot (3 or 4 of them) & CPU slot obviously.  I've read I can buy "fan connectors", but I do not know the answer to these questions :   Can I use such a device with my motherboard? If so, where do I plug it ? Simply on one of the fan connectors and it serves as a "hub" ? If so, can you recommend an actual fan connector? I don't need much control, fan will probably run at near high speed at all times.   Current situation : I'm trying to cool down the HDD rack that is running extremely hot (all disks are above 70 degrees celsius), and what I'm gonna do is add an extra fan behind those disks, pushing hot air outside the case. Btw if you do happen to have a better solution for that specific issue that is also great.
I've bought THIS hard drive for my laptop but didn't notice it as 15mm. I've never seen a laptop that supports a HDD this thick. I've searched in some forums with no success. Is there any recent gaming laptop that fits?
I'm looking for a portable device that has jacks (3.5mm would be best but anything works) for a microphone input and speaker output, and then connects via Bluetooth to my phone or computer and appears to it as a Bluetooth headset. Audio played through the "headset" would be sent out out the speaker output on the device and signal sent to the input of the device would be "received" as if coming from the microphone on the "headset."   Does a device like this exist? I'm not sure what it'd be called or how to search for something like this.  This pertains to live media production, if there's a better SE site please advise.
I have been searching a mechanical keyboard with following features for a very long time. Many major players I checked in the market have some of the features, but none have them all. I figure there must be a manufacturer combines them together.   "Open" Design. Like Corsaire K70, I want a borderless keyboard for convenient cleaning. A blow of wind should be able to pass through from one end of the keyboard to another. 2+ USB/audio passthrough. I have seen similar designs in Razer and Daskeyboard. The former brand offers 1 USB and 1 audio port while the latter offers 2 USB ports. Both are good. Tactile switch. I prefer Cherry MX blue. But similar switches are also welcomed. I.e. Razer Green Switch. Dedicated Media keys for volume control and playback. No keybindings needed, such as Fn + F12 is not good.   Thank you.
I have a Mac Pro with two amd firepro d700 GPUs. Can I pull one of those GPUs out and stick it right into a Windows pc? Or did AMD make these GPUs specifically for Apple only?
As the title says, "how much toner is wasted on every print?". If you've ever had a laser printer, you know that either each cartridge has a waste toner reservoir or a common reservoir is on the drum cartridge/assembly.  I want to know if there's a way to say how much toner is dropped into the waste reservoir.  For example: if I only print a line, does the printer dispense the entire sheet/page size of toner?.  Thanks in advance.,
I'm looking for the dual wan wifi router. The price is supposed to be ~100$. I'm using Asus RT-AC66U, but I'm somehow unlucky with Asus routers as the first one was just loosing wifi connectivity and this one is getting very hot + loosing connectivity time to time. Wifi signal is supposed to be strong enough (RT-AC66U wifi strength is good).
My budget - 40€  I want a cheap router for my home. It has to be dual-band (2.4Ghz/5Ghz), norm 802.11ac and capable of handling 16 users simultaneously.  I will use this router as a bridge because I obviously can't replace the ISP router because those routers are pricey.  I prefer easy management, good speeds and decent range.  While Xiaomi Mi Router 3G catched my eye (and more recently the 4, which released yesterday, so Chinese version), I'm open to other routers.  The only thing I'm afraid of the Mi Router is the firmware (I can easily flash firmware but it's a risk as well).  Any opinions?
I'm looking for a case for my home NAS.   I'm thinking about 6-8 drives; I don't have a specific need for hot swap drives, I just like that design.  What I have in mind something like a FreeNAS Mini, but unfortunately buying a pre-assembled one would exceed my current budget.    Few clarifications:   Why "professionally looking"? I'm going to keep it at home so I can't cringe every time I see it - "well designed" would be more in line with what I'm looking for but that I'm sure many would consider an ugly mess of LEDs and plexiglass as "well designed" [but hey, people could say the same of the black monoliths I love :-) ] Compact: I'm not looking for a desktop tower to convert into a NAS, I don't see the point in having a 50-liters beast around when I have no use for GPU/water cooling inside my case. Why not a Synology / Qnap NAS? I'm going to run FreeNAS OS on it, but otherwise I really like the look of their NAS. Ideally the hot swap drives would have LED that can be used to monitor the disk activity/state (I'm not sure how it would be to actually get it to work with the OS so this would be the least important feature).
I have two options before me (in my budget): Quad core 1.6 GHz(Intel i5 8th gen 8250u) vs Dual core 2.5 GHz(Intel i5 7th gen 7200u) powered CPU. I use Microsoft visual studio,pycharm, and few other heavy IDEs for programming. And I don't know which is the best choice of laptop to buy to work efficiently for me,I mean no system hanging,no blue screens and stuff like that. Thanks in Advance.
Is there currently a 2 TB or greater laptop HDD that can attain 7200 RPM or more? If there's more than one, which of them would be the fastest or most reliable?
I'm digging my way through all the brands and models trying to find a (preferably unmanaged) POE switch that will let me plug in four 32w IP cameras + one 12w IP camera.  Any recommendations?  Thanks in advance.
Laptop hit the floor. It's difficult if not already impossible to connect to WiFi. Sometimes laptop can detect WiFi, particularly the one at home, but the signal is usually weak. Sometimes it shows option of connecting but whenever I try to connect, it either says it's connected though I can't connect or it stops detecting WiFi. What are my options please? Is there some way to externalise the WiFi detection? Like I plug in something that detects WiFi?
Looking for the simplest possible cell-phone with following features:   physical keypad (like the old phones before the iPhone era) simple phone-book - like old Nokia phones and like... allows phone calls allows SMS and allows create an wifi hotspot (for my tablet) using the operator's 3G/4G. that's all - e.g. don't need radio, GPS, camera, hairdryer :), etc...   Maybe, would be nice to have:   nice design (woman friendly) :) somewhat rugged/watertight (but see the previous) long lasting battery   Exists such simple phone which allows create an WiFi-hotspot? My googling, even searching Alibaba and such - failed.  If the phone will "know" more - I don't care, until it will have the all wanted features (mainly the physical keyboard - e.g NOT touchscreen and allows the hotspot).  EDIT  Because probably i'm not enough clear, adding the example picture of the keypad. Don't want QUERY, sliding anything... just a such simple phone. Also added the example of the simple hotspot device. Looking for a combination of two. :)  That's all. Nothing complicated, nor magical. :)
I am a developer in the Linux ecosystem and I need to build an application in the Apple ecosystem but I am unfamiliar with Apple products.  What is the cheapest MacBook Pro that I can purchase to start and use for web application development? It would have to be capable of running a small Oracle database and possibly an ETL tool.  It does not have to be a new model as I have seen some ‘older’ models for a good price. If you could provide the specs and estimated cost that would help me sort things out. I have researched some articles and it seems the MacBook Pro is preferred but beyond that my knowledge is limited.
I am trying to set up some DIY home security video streams. I have several IP cams, like the D-Link night/day wireless Cloud Cam.  The problem is that it's hard to get a good angle and it's hard to deal with multiple video streams.  My idea is to leverage a tall (30'?) flagpole. If I could mount a camera to it at the right angle I could see my entire yard/perimeter from one camera. This is perfect since I want to be able to see where my dog is in the yard to know that she's OK.  However, I don't know what hardware (mounting stuff? solar power source? etc?) I would need nor how the heck I would get to the top of the pole to install it...
I need to VPN into my company's network, and then RDP into some Windows Servers.  Corporate IT seems very Windows-focused, and there's no MacOS client for the VPN software.    So I'm wondering if I could pick up one of those really cheap headless Windows machines such as the HP Pavilion Mini or the Asus VivoMini (or even an Intel Compute Stick) just for VPN'ing.  Would that work?  Would it have sufficient RAM/CPU to handle things?  Is this a stupid idea?
Yesterday I cleaned my pc, removed RAM, disk, and cpu fan(not cpu). After the clean-up I re-connected all the components again only to find out that the computer starts but reboots after a few seconds(the power supply and cpu fans turn up and then turn down... and repeat until I disconnect them).     Hardware specifications    Power supply: Corsair CX 750 Board: GA B85M-D3H CPU: Intel I3 4150 HDD: Seagate 160GB/1TB RAM: Kingstom 2x 2GB   I didn't miss a connection or touched the cpu. I think that would be the BIOS deprogrammed or corrupt. In this case how could I re-program or update the BIOS if I couldn't event access to it? Can I re-program/update a bios from another computer?  I have searched in several supports forums but anything worked for me.  What do you recommend in this case?  Thanks in advance.
I'm looking for a cheap VR, virtual private theater, or video glasses device which can be used without a smartphone. Running direct from USB stick, SD or microSD or from an AV connector to a media player are all suitable options. But I don't want a smartphone and don't want to run it with a computer either.  I had an item like this, from Chinese sellers many years ago, but it seems to be no longer available. There are many items appearing on sale sites but most are for use with smartphones.
I am looking for a physical remote so that I can press physical buttons that will   be registered by my pc as if a certain keyboard button was pressed has multiple buttons, where I can choose which keyboard buttons they emulate Preferably bluetooth so that it is easy, and doesn’t require any extra receiver hardware  does something like this exist?
I use a Phillips monitor from about 2010. The resolution is 1920x1080 and the only possible refresh rate is 60 Hz.  This monitor has two cables: one is the AC power, and one is from the monitor itself to the PC (HDMI in that particular case, thought it could be DVI or anything else relevant).  I'm looking forward to buy a monitor that has only one cable --- from the monitor itself to the computer, without an AC power plug.  Is there such a thing in 2018 or planned to come out in 2019? I'll be glad to check that.
I am running a linux system with an app that constantly reads/writes many small files (e.g close to zero bytes) to a point where 1000-4000 files read/written each minute causing disk innodes close to 100%.   What is the best HDD setup to improve performance when these files are read/write by more instances at once?   4 SSD in raid 0? 2/3 SSD in raid 0? 4 HDD raid zero? (because I think SSDs drop in performance after so many permanent writes) raid 0 included in Asus motherboard? dedicated raid car?
I'm thinking to buy new RAM (for Lenovo 320 15AST, motherboard is LNVNB161216). I had 4GB, I need 8GB. My current RAM is m471a5143sb1 2133Mhz, CAS (CL) 17, PC19200.  I was looking at two with such specs:   Crucial [CT8G4SFD8213] 2133 Mhz, PC17000, 15-15-15-36   VS  Patriot Signature [PSD48G240081S] 2400 Mhz, PC19200, 17.   First is a bit cheaper, has frequency that no more that baseboard provides, lower latency, but lower PC (also I'm not sure which PC my baseboard provides).  (I think I'm gonna go with this one: SODIMM Crucial [CT8G4SFS824A] 8 GB)  (I have this question on superuser, I just had to move it here, there also answer already, but if you have something to add you're welcome)
Is there such a device that would allow to connect a SIM card through USB and make an actual phone call? (no VOIP, not using a smartphone)  If yes, how is it called, what keywords should I use to get more info? Or do you have recommendations?  Thank you
I'm looking for a laptop in which I can plug in a PicoEVB board without having to sacrifice my wireless connectivity or having to drag more hardware around with me.    So far I'm using this board in a server w/ an adapter (meant for NGFF Wi-Fi & Bluetooth chips) and it works really nicely, but I wish for some portability.    As far as the rest of the laptop's specifications go, at least 8 GB of RAM and generally a beefier CPU is better, but I might settle for some weaker ones if there's an advantage (e.g. battery life).    Even a spare M.2 Key M slot could be handy with one of these babies. Provided that there's a USB header available inside as well, of course...
I have been forced 4 years ago to develop on a macbook pro (late 2013) in order to develop a mac application, although skeptical i totally fell in love with the quietness and the standby time of such device.  I just close the lid and then i can get back to where i was even a week later, with negligible battery loss. This is something i never experienced on any windows / linux laptop.  So i am wondering, is such thing possible with linux / windows laptop? Because for my kind of laptop usage these features are very convenient: i have a linux workstation at work and work on the mac laptop rarely so being able to just open the lid and be up and running is something i've been spoilt to. Besides after 4 years of almost daily usage battery still lasts for more than 6h that is another impressive feature.  As asked from the comments main requirements would be: 15.6 screen, battery life both operational and idle and being portable so not more than 2kg of weight. Processor power is a plus but since I am able to still work on 4yo machine that should not be a major issue.
I'm developing an app which will use the new Android P feature to track indoor positioning (RTT, Round Trip Time).  Here is some documentation about that. The technical name of this protocol is 802.11mc.  So, I can't find any device at the moment which supports this feature in order to test it.  Does anyone knows some device which supports 802.11mc (WiFi RTT)?
In my company we have a fleet of cars, and we would like to equip them with a simple device that when the driver presses a button, it will communicate him with our company's call center.   In a nutshell, we need a one-button speaker that makes calls to a single number so our customers can call us from inside the vehicle.
I am looking for a smart watch or fitness band that can I can program to monitor skin temperature and alert me when certain criteria are met. I have the following requirements:   Worn on the wrist Programmable Body temperature sensor Does not require a paired smartphone Alert mechanism (e.g. vibration or beeping)
I have an old gigabyte GA-P35C-DS3R motherboard. On it there is also written "FSB1333 Multi Core CPU...".  I want to install a wireless card, but I am not sure on what models are compatible because I don't think this motherboard has a PCI-E slot (athough one of the slots says "PCI Express", the slot is still "long" like regular PCI, I really am a noob). For example, is the Tp-link TL-WN881ND compatible or not? What about the TP-Link TL-WN851ND, which looks more like it could fit in the slot pins? Also, once the card is installed, I will not need any cable right? My motherboard looks like this: https://goo.gl/images/f7fzNe Thank you!
First of all I already have a laptop, although it's not a very powerfull one, which I got 5 years ago.  That being said, on to the business.  I was aiming for a desktop from this shop:   https://www.chip7.pt/desktop/35176-doit-gamer-i5-8400-chip7-doit-g.html#/9-perifericos-com_perifericos/49-ssd-ssd_240gb/37-grafica-nvidia_gtx_1060_3gb/8-so-sem_sistema_operativo][1]  And I wanted one for work and gaming too.  I'm gonna be playing games like Gta V, League of Legends, Minecraft, Assassin's creed Origins, Battlefield, Cod Bo3, etc  I want a stable one and I have a budget of around 1150€.  I don't have a monitor yet either, so please take that in mind.  I've thought about a mac, but I don't think it's that good for gaming, is it?  I'm a programmer, so I also wanted that pc to be good for programming stuff, like in android studio, or making graphs in python with matplotlib.  Any Ideas?
I am searching for a case that is as small as possible but can fit a Hp 110 250 Series Motherboard 762025-001 and a HDD or SDD (and maybe a case fan). The motherboard has a build in energy supply so that there is no need for a power adapter. That is also the part that is confusing me. I thought maybe a HTPC case or a small cube is working, but the motherboard holes are not fitting with what I found. Any ideas for such a "special" board?
does anyone know a yubikey-like hardware token, but with a fingerprint reader instead of just a capacitive button like the one on a yubikey?
I was given 8 Intel Xeon E5520 processors.  I would like to build a parallel computing system for simulation and data processing.  What type of motherboards should I get to build this system?  It would be great if I could put all of the boards in one case/chassis.  Thanks!
I've a question concerning a Wifi antenna with special needs / requirements.  My computer is in a sailing boat, and I want to connect to the public wifi of the port. The signal is not always good because of the distance, and of course, the sailing boat is made of aluminium which doesn't help to get a good signal in it.  I'm thinking to add a Wifi antenna outside on the boat to connect to the public wifi and then connect or get wired to this outside antenna. Since the antenna will be outside, I also need it to be waterproof.  I've seen there is wifi antenna which can be connected with USB, but USB cable cannot be longer than 5 meters according to the specification, which is probably too short.  Since I won't always stay in the same port, it should be also easy to connect (to configure) to new public wifi.  What do you suggest me?
With the recent release of AirPlay 2, I now feel that it is time to start a long time coming project of mine which is to create an outdoor speaker system.   Currently, I have a few Sonos PLAY:1s in my house and would love to be able to play music simultaneously to both my outdoor speakers and my Sonos speakers. Of course, the obvious solution would be to buy a Sonos Connect, however, I feel that these are extortionately expensive for what they are and am seeking an alternative option. I have been excited for the release of AirPlay 2 as I had heard that, a) Sonos might've implemented the new protocol on its existing speakers and b) that the AirPort express would be able to act as an AirPlay 2 receiver which could theoretically be plugged straight into an amp.  This would've been the ideal solution. However, as reality has it, Sonos will only be making AirPlay 2 available on its newer speakers as explained here (If you do have one of their newer speakers, you can group this with the older ones in order to have them work of AirPlay 2 as well). Furthermore, it has become apparent that the AirPort express will not support AirPlay 2.   This has left me in a really awkward situation as I am not sure how to move forward. It is clear that I will have to buy a newer Sonos speaker either way but this only gets me as far as making my current Sonos speakers AirPlay 2 compatible. I have done a lot of research and found solutions that only seem to work for AirPlay 1 such as here.  My question is: Is there a cheap ($200 max, but preferably < $100) "receiver" for the AirPlay 2 protocol which I can simply plug into my amp?
I would like to find KVM with:   HDMI! 4K@60Hz (<=> HDMI 2.0?) that works between computers and TV   Nice-to-have-but-not-required:   Not too expensive A remote controller Looking good   I have done some research but info about KVM are quite spread and random.
The local county has delicate, aging documents that we would like to digitize for preservation and archival. Mostly things like building plans and public records books. Many of these are either too large or too fragile to feed through document feeders or on flatbeds.  The ideal solution would be a 300 to 600 dpi wand-type scanner with the ability, either on board or via software utility, to stitch the scanned images together to create a single image.  Not opposed to separating the software functionality from the hardware, so long as the end result is the same.
Remote sensing of vehicle emissions consists of analyzing the emissions of a vehicle passing by using a light source and a light detector (generally in the IR and UV range) to check if the car is compliant to the current legislation against pollution.  This works because each pollution element absorbs the light at a different frequency.  As far as I know there are the existing commercial devices that can do this are:   EDAR by HEAT LLC RSD by Envirotest Opus Inspections FEAT by University of Denver   These devices consists basically in two parts to be put on the opposite sides of the street: an emitter (or emitter/detector) and a detector (or a mirror to bounce the light back to the emitter/detector device).   These devices are very expensive because they are ready-to-use and includes a graphical interface so that almost anyone can use them and I think they implement all the algorithms to get the concentration but I am not interested in them. So I am looking if it is possible to build something (even less precise) by myself starting from lower-level elements.  Does anyone know if there exist light emitters/detectors sensors to analyze gas concentration(s) for this task where the emitter and detector are separate and that can work with a relatively long distance (3-4 meters) and whose output can be acquired/sampled by an embedded computer?   The optical gas sensors I have seen are generally on single-board while others are for proximity/obstacle detections so that the frequency they use is not suitable for such applications.
I would like to install a battery pack on the bottom of 2017 13in MacBook Pro(I don't mind tapping it honestly).  Considering it charges by USB C I am hopefully this might not be to difficult.  I use my MacBook Pro while commuting but the battery doesn't last long enough.  If there isn't one of my Macbook Pro maybe my 13 Thinkpad?
There have been similar questions that seem to offer a WiFi "bridge" solution but I have tried several of these bridge routers and none of them work to "bride" a University WiFi that requires a Username and Password to log in. The TP link "bridge" router claimed to do just that, but after an hour on the phone working through it we find that they can not connect through a "portal" either.   Is there anyway at all of make an always on WiFi "bridge" or "hot spot"?   I have tried Windows 10 "Hotspot" but it times out, and for some reason Android hotspot just does not seem to work at all on this network.   Thanks all!  SSID:   [MyUniversity]wireless Protocol:   802.11ac Security type:  WPA2-Enterprise Type of sign-in info:   Microsoft: Protected EAP (PEAP) Network band:   5 GHz Network channel:    161 IPv4 address:   172.28.88.100 IPv4 DNS servers:   128.146.1.7 128.146.48.7 Primary DNS suffix: [MyUniversity]wireless.[something]-state.edu Manufacturer:   Intel Corporation Description:    Intel(R) Dual Band Wireless-AC 8260 Driver version: 19.50.1.6 Physical address (MAC): C2-32-73-69-0F-35
Some routers have USB port for connecting storage device.I am searching for a (consumer/home) WiFi router which can download and seed torrent (directly to the storage device connected to the router via USB port) through router's UI or router management app(Android or ios app).i.e. Xiaomi mi router 3 can download torrent but cannot seed after completing download.Which router can also seed torrent after downloading.
I am currently looking for a laptop to use for university next year. I will be studying Computer Sciences and I am still debating which laptop I should get.  These where the laptops I had in mind:   Dell XPS 15 9570 (€ 1.829,00)   i7-8750H processor (4,1 GHz; 6-cores)  16 GB DDR4, 2.666 MHz  512 GB M.2 2280 PCIe  NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1050Ti 4 GB GDDR5  1920 x 1080 15'' display. Up to 11h of battery life (97-Wh)  Asus ZenBook Pro UX550VD (€1.599)   i7-7700HQ processor (3,8 GHz; 4-cores) 16 GB SO-DIMM DDR4 512 GB M.2 PCIe  NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1050 4 GB GDDR5 1920 x 1080 15'' display. Up to 8h of battery life    The XPS has better battery life and has a better screen.  The ZenBook is cheaper, has more ports but has an older processor and CPU.  Maby their is another laptop that is better. I would love to see different suggestions. Please note that since I am living in Belgium not every laptop is available here.  Thank you for helping!
I have D-Link DUB-H7 with 7 ports. It works fine except I cannot use my external HDD with it. HDD clicks, but it seems not enough power. Connecting of 2nd HDD's wire doesn't help.
Since the public landline telephone system has been switched to SIP now (more or less all of it), it makes sense to start using native SIP phones instead of connecting an analog or ISDN or DECT phone to a SIP-capable PBX (such as FritzBox etc.).  Of these native SIP phones, I would like to try a wifi handset. This is a device looking much like a DECT handset, but instead of connecting to a base station via DECT ("IP-DECT" technology, using the CAT-iq protocol) it would connect via wifi. So, if there is a dependable wifi setup in the building, there's no need to add DECT coverage as well.  I know I can use any Android device with a SIP softphone app for this, but since there are people in the household used to a "proper" phone and not yet to "fiddly" smartphones, I rather want a single-purpose phone device with hardware buttons.  I found several models, but all around 300 USD or more. That sounds very strange, given that such a device is not more complex than a DECT handset available for 80 USD or less. Am I missing something?
I've got a computer and I'd like to directly connect the fiber from my ISP. I've been researching for a while and I know what I need, but not exactly what I need, like which manufacturer, max speed, # of ports, etc...  I'd also like the possibility to connect another host/switch using fiber in the future, so I was thinking a minimum of 2 SFP(+) ports: one for the ISP (ONU -> OLT) and another free port for whichever else I'd need to.  Now comes an important question: will a normal SFP (GPON ONU) optics module work connected to an SFP+ (10G or more) port? Any backwards compatibility problems, instability, etc?  I've been reading some good things about Mellanox, but other than that a cannot say for sure which one's best for me. I came across some interesting (and cheap) choices, like this one: https://www.ebay.com/itm/162733729757  As for the optics module, it needs to have the following characteristics:    GPON ONU Tx1310nm Rx1490nm Class B+, Class 1 Laser SC/APC connector   Like this? https://www.ebay.com/itm/132533030239 Unless that's not class b+, I'm not sure.  Can someone point me in the right direction?
I am currently building an opensource drone from the scratch. I have got the basic parts and a few are left to purchase.  GPS module is one of them. I researched and googled for hours about different modules and didn't find any comparisons or distinguishes. The one I am thinking to use is **  Neo-6M GPS module  **.  **     Here's the link to official website https://www.u-blox.com/en   **  I am currently using Pixhawk 2.4.8 as flight controller and would prefer to know about GPS modules supported for the same.  Any recommendations are welcomed!
I'm looking to build a robust system for malware research purposes and this is a requirement so I can absolutely trust that the system is clean on a reformat. Mobo firmware is locked down too of course and I already have a candidate for that but it's really really hard to find one for HDD. Likewise, I will never insert USB devices on this one (rolling full PS/2).
I have a backpack full of heavy stuff, and a laptop that I don't want to break. I have noticed an outline of the keyboard on the screen, so it's clear I have too much weight in the wrong places. There are several scenarios that might break the laptop and/or it's screen:   Bending over while wearing the backpack. Setting the backpack down, and then it falling over. The weight pushing in the bottom side (as it sits in the backpack) of the laptop when I am carrying it.   The specifics of the laptop and bag are not substantially important, as solutions should be generic to apply to many different kinds of laptops and backpacks, and also to withstand the test of time.  The reasoning for lots of heavy stuff in the backpack can vary substantially, and is therefore also not important.  For example, textbooks, auxiliary cables and equipment, bottles of water, tools, etc.  The most obvious answer might be "stop carrying so much stuff".  However, that doesn't help if you've already removed as much stuff as possible from your bag.  I've thought of a few things that would help the situation, with wildly varying costs:   Buy or build a semi-hard shell sleeve to put around the laptop before putting into the bag.  These shells usually use the zipper as part of their structural support, and are therefore pretty soft. Buy a backpack with - or build a rigid compartment into - the backpack. Transplant the laptop into a similarly sized Toughbook case. Replace the bag with a harder laptop protection compartment   Requirements   Solutions apply(ies) to many different laptops, bags, etc. Holds up to 40 - 50 lbs of weight Weighs less than 3 lbs Affordable: $50 or less   Nice to haves   Low cost: $20 or less Color options, or other customizability Not made in China Extremely lightweight
I would like to enhance my office system ( https://www.asus.com/us/Mini-PCs/VivoMini-UN65U/ ) such that it is more powerful with regard to graphics. I assume to use a regular graphic card is not possible, hence are there external solutions? Background is to stream flawlessly any video input. For example, I have a mighty system with a Geforce 1080 and I use a remote software to take control over this system. But latest when I start a game, the office PC can hardly display it. Best would probably be an external Geforce 1060/1070 solution. Is such a thing available/does it make sense? If so, do I have to add up RAM additionally?  Thanks in advance!  P.S.: Specs:  Product Description     ASUS VivoMini UN65U - mini PC - Core i5 7200U 2.5 GHz - 4 GB - 128 GB EAN     4712900597240 Dimensions (WxDxH)  13.1 cm x 13.1 cm x 5.2 cm Weight  700 g Processor   1 x Intel Core i5 (7th Gen) 7200U / 2.5 GHz (3.1 GHz) (Dual-Core) Hard Drive  1 x SSD 128 GB - M.2 Networking  GigE, 802.11b, 802.11a, 802.11g, 802.11n, 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.1 RAM     4 GB (installed) / 32 GB (max) - DDR4 SDRAM Storage Controller  SATA Graphics Controller     Intel HD Graphics 620 Audio Output    Stereo Type    Personal computer - mini PC Cache Memory    3 MB OS Provided     FreeDOS Cache Per Processor     3 MB Processor Main Features     Intel Turbo Boost Technology 2 Card Reader     4 in 1 Environmental Standards     ENERGY STAR Qualified
I am coming from having owned quite a few ADSL modems. In the ADSL world, you just can plug in an ADSL modem to an RJ-11 telephone line of any network service provider, do the necessary configuration to get the service provider frequency matched, enter the username and other credentials and any other settings and you are good to go. Nowadays, most modem manufacturers even have a drop-down list from where you select the network service provider besides adding your credentials and you are good to go.   In the fiber world, I don't know if it's same thing or not. While there are more than a couple service providers, they like to peddle their stuff i.e. buy their ONT so you are locked on to the platform.   Can anybody share some such router modems which is able to play nice with all service providers.
So, my friend wants to start gaming. He told me he is really interested to try Nintendo games, but he doesn't have a specific console in mind. I suggested he should just get a PC, so that he has access to way more games. I visited The Emulator Zone  and took a look at the Nintendo console emulators. They didn't seem all that difficult to run, but I'm not that knowledgeable about emulation. The PC needs to be able to emulate all Nintendo consoles.  The target resolution is 1080p with a frame rate of 30FPS. I'll probably give him my graphics card (Gigabyte 1050Ti Windforce OC) after I upgrade. The only component I need help with is the processor.   Do you have any recommendations on what CPU he should get to be able to run the aforementioned emulators with no problems? We haven't set a specific budget, so feel free to mention even a relatively expensive processor. (As always the cheaper the better)
I am a graduate student and My thesis is based on deep learning, vision, video and Image processing. I am going to do heavy computing and processing. I am looking for a compatible laptop which has a fast GPU-enabled laptop. CUDA enabled on an NVIDIA GPU with 1 TFOPS would be a good choice. Also, it must have SSD. Anything by hp, Dell, Microsoft, Acer. do you have any recommendations? Are there any websites that introduce the best laptops? and new technologies? which one do you think is the best "HP, DELL, Microsoft or Acer"? my budget is $CAN 1800
I'm looking for a cheap solution that provides the following:  I would like to have that the customers can swap through our range of products in the local store and when they want to know more of a product, they can click on it and more information will be provided. Hence, a video/trailer to implement would also be nice. A regular windows OS could be do it but I don't want the customers to go into settings and so on by accident.   Size screen is probably ok when >=15". Is there any hardware (and/or combined with software) which fulfills this? Let it be something around 100-200 €.
It's simple to find a multi-port USB 3.0 hub, where one USB-3 port becomes 4-10 equivalent ports, like this one. Does this kind of product exist with 100% USB-C ports? That is, when connected to a single USB-C port on my computer, the hub should provide 4-10 USB-C ports that provide exactly the same capabilities as the original port on my computer.  By "exactly the same capabilities," I mean that my computer's ports work with monitors and AC power adapters, so the ports on the hub should also work with monitors and AC power adapters.  It's easy to find USB-C hubs that provide HDMI, USB-3, Ethernet, a single charging port, etc., but I've never seen a hub like I describe above. If none exists, is there a technological reason why? (Or is it just due to sales/marketing?)
I am looking to test some applications that need stereo inputs. Similiar to this dual camera.  https://www.amazon.com/ELP-Megapixel-Camera-Module-Biometric/dp/B00VG32EC2//ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&linkCode=ll1&tag=albertarmeabl-20&linkId=bc5b4947de2850d5a0cec76d2c6a9760  Can anyone please recommend a hardware?  The images should be synced and if possible should be able to send 30 fps ( for 2 cameras 60 fps ). It should have a USB 3.0 connection for fast data transfer.
I am going to do heavy computing and processing like programming. I am looking for a compatible laptop which has a fast GPU-enabled laptop. CUDA enabled on an NVIDIA GPU. Also, it must have SSD. Anything by hp, Dell, Microsoft, Acer.   I have searched and found these laptops, which one do you think is the best?  Dell:  New XPS 15:  https://www.dell.com/en-ca/shop/compare?ocs=nxps1570_bt_s1656e,nxps1570_bt_s1661e We understand that the only difference between these two is the display.    Microsoft: Surface Laptop (Intel Core i7, 16GB RAM, 512GB) - Graphite Gold - DAL-00019:  HP: OMEN by HP 17-w018ca Notebook PC, i7-6700HQ, 2.6GHz, 2 TB, BLK https://www.amazon.ca/HP-17-w018ca-Notebook-i7-6700HQ-2-6GHz/dp/B01M0L5BQ8/ref=sr_1_14?s=pc&ie=UTF8&qid=1531253277&sr=1-14  HP 15.6" ZBook 15 G4 Premium Mobile Workstation (Intel i7-7700HQ Quad-Core, 16GB RAM, 1TB HDD + 512GB SSD, 15.6" Matte Full HD 1920 x 1080, NVIDIA Quadro M1200 4GB, Thunderbolt 3, Win 10 Pro) https://www.amazon.ca/HP-Workstation-i7-7700HQ-Quad-Core-Thunderbolt/dp/B07CCYRFWQ/ref=sr_1_6?s=pc&ie=UTF8&qid=1531253771&sr=1-6&th=1  HP ProBook 470 G5 17.3'' Premium Business Laptop PC (Intel 8th Gen i7 Quad Core Processor, 16GB RAM, 1TB HDD + 512GB SSD, 17.3" HD 1600x900 Display, NVIDIA GeForce 930MX, USB-C, WiFi, BT, Win 10 Pro) (P-SPEES) https://www.amazon.ca/HP-ProBook-Business-Processor-1600x900/dp/B07B5Y5RGB/ref=sr_1_7?s=pc&ie=UTF8&qid=1531250221&sr=1-7&th=1
I'm looking to replace my Nokia 1280 with a phone that supports U.S. bands as well as European ones.   An STN LCD monochrome display (better readability in direct sunlight) A sufficiently large battery. It depends on the power consumption of the phone, though: my N1280 phone has a 800mAh battery and I'm perfectly happy with the standby time it provides (~10-12 days). Quad-band: the reason I'm seeking to upgrade is that N1280 does not support American GSM bands. That's basically it; I only need the phone to be able to send/receive SMS and make phone calls. The SMS memory size doesn't matter.   Any advice? Thank you!
Most male to male cables are meant to connect two active devices - I have some keystone jacks with female ports on both sides, so I just need male to male cable that behaves as a normal extension cable.  Most cables of this types seem to be the first type that swaps the data pairs.    cable details: in USB 3.0 cables, there are 9 wires; 4 of them are standard USB 2.0 wires and there are 5 more wires - ground wire and 2 pairs of data cables  in some Male to Male cables, the data wire pairs are swapped (so the pins in one connector are connected to the opposite pins in the other connector) - I need a cable that does NOT do this.
I bought a sim card from an mobile provider, and I can use it as a hotspot, using my cellphone. So, I can make my cellphone into a hotspot router, using this sim card. Do you have some recommendations on which router (a proper piece of hardware, not a cellphone) would work with 4G sim card, as a hotspot router? The 4G+ is written on the provider's site, if I find more info on bands I will have them written here.
I am looking for a laptop which has 1 TFOPS. could you pls clarify it for me?  I just want to know that how can I make sure a laptop has 1 TFOPS in it or not?
I recently purchased Inland 3.5" USB 3.0 Hard Drive Enclosure with Fan. (SKU 410464). I like the $25.00 price, the sturdy full metal built chassi/case and the fact that it has a fan. It's not too bad, but I wish there was a similar product available which had 2 of the following attributes/features:   The SATA cables and the board are openly exposed, making them prone to damage, I wish if there was a way to just snap my hard drive in the enclosure, I'm afraid that the cables would be damaged faster if I need to change hdd drives more frequently I wish it had a support for 2.5" drives, but I guess I can easily work around this issue by using a adapter bay to use 2.5 HDD inside 3.5 enclosure.   Can you recommend an enclosure?
Projects like Dosbox, Virtualbox and PCem allows me to emulate PC's of the 1990's, but for Windows 95-XP era games, the compatibility and performance is underwhelming.  I've tried on several occasions to install Windows 98 2. edition on modern hardware and usually it either fails - or, if it succeeds, becomes a very poor experience, because Windows will only run in 16 color mode, 640x480, no sound, no networking, no nothing. Basically, I need drivers and current hardware understandably comes without Windows 98 drivers.  So the question is: Are you aware of any current hardware available that is backwards compatible with Windows 98?  This means it would either come with Windows 98 drivers, which is probably unlikely... or be compatible with some the drivers built into Windows 98, which may be likely?
tl;dr  I'm searching for a keyboard with the following specs, in order of importance:   Cherry Brown switches Mac keys (⌃ control ⌥ option ⌘ command) Durable, easy-to-clean construction 1st- or 2nd-party drivers for macOS High Sierra, 3rd-party ones proven reliable over many years Number pad Programmable RGB backlighting Built-in USB hub   It would be nice if it were less than $200, but I might be able to stomach more expensive ones if they're much better.    Rationalle / Backstory  I work on a Mac, professionally. The silicone-dome keyboards Apple makes have really gotten under my skin. At home, I use a Corsair K70 RGB with Cherry Browns for coding, gaming, and writing.  For the last few weeks I've swapped these, and used the mechanical one at work. After fiddling with 3rd-party drivers I eventually got it to work similar to how it does at home and I love it. I love the satisfying feel of the switches, the lower actuation force, my color scheme making it easier for me to find things at a glance, the durable metal construction, the switches being above the board for easier cleaning, the whole shebang.  There are downsides, though:   The backlighting can't be customized when working with macOS without using a 3rd-party driver, and it's a bit crashy. It uses the Windows modifier key layout (Ctrl  Alt), which gets quite confusing when figuring out a keyboard shortcut. Even when mapped, the key sizes don't feel right when used on macOS. Additionally, there's no fn key or brightness buttons so I had to try to map those appropriately. No USB hub means I have to unplug the keyboard or an external drive to charge my mouse/trackpad.   An ideal solution would address all these as well.    Candidates so far   (live-updating spreadsheet)
Currently, I have 5.7 GB of memory (RAM) on my Lenovo V570 laptop running Ubuntu 18.04 LTS. I popped the hood and I see and a 4 GB and a 2 GB chip.    I did some research and found out there I might have some options to chose from.   Corsair CMSO8GX3M1A1333C9 8GB 1X8GB DDR3-1333MHZ CL9-9-9-24 204PIN SODIMM Memory Kit (source). Crucial RAM options (source)   Based on the claims made in the Lenovo forums post, I am assuming that I can install 16 GB of max RAM on my laptop.  My Board:  Physical Memory Array     Location: System Board Or Motherboard     Use: System Memory     Error Correction Type: None     Maximum Capacity: 16 GB     Error Information Handle: Not Provided     Number Of Devices: 4   4 GB RAM  Memory Device     Array Handle: 0x0034     Error Information Handle: Not Provided     Total Width: 64 bits     Data Width: 64 bits     Size: 4096 MB     Form Factor: SODIMM     Set: None     Locator: ChannelA-DIMM0     Bank Locator: BANK 0     Type: DDR3     Type Detail: Synchronous     Speed: 1333 MT/s     Manufacturer: Samsung     Serial Number: 005001BA     Asset Tag: 9876543210     Part Number: M471B5273CH0-CH9       Rank: Unknown   2 GB RAM  Handle 0x0039, DMI type 17, 28 bytes Memory Device     Array Handle: 0x0034     Error Information Handle: Not Provided     Total Width: 64 bits     Data Width: 64 bits     Size: 2048 MB     Form Factor: SODIMM     Set: None     Locator: ChannelB-DIMM0     Bank Locator: BANK 2     Type: DDR3     Type Detail: Synchronous     Speed: 1333 MT/s     Manufacturer: Samsung     Serial Number: ***** censored ***     Asset Tag: 9876543210     Part Number: M471B5773CHS-CH9       Rank: Unknown   My question is:  What is the difference between DDR3 PC3-12800 and DDR3 PC3-14900? And most importantly, how do I find which one to use for my laptop?
I am a bit lost on what adapters and cables I need for connecting a second external monitor to my laptops.  I already have an external HDMI monitor. All my three laptops have HDMI ports with which I am able to use this external monitor (using HDMI male-to-male cable). I want to connect one more HDMI monitor now as a second external display (ideally to any of my three laptops). All three laptops run Windows 10.  All three laptops have multiple USB 3.0 (SS) ports. They all have mini display ports (I believe I am using the correct term) as well, but one of them seems to have a different kind. Please see images below.  Laptop 1:  The port on the left above is what I think is the mini display port.  Laptop 2:  This laptop has the same kind of display port as laptop 1.  Laptop 3:   I am not sure if the left most port in this image is the same as the left most ports in above two. It doesn't have the two + symbols like the ones above have. Is it the same as the ports in the first two laptops?  Not realizing that I have these mini display ports, I purchased "Plugable USB 3.0 to DisplayPort 4K UHD" from Amazon (for $60), which has a male USB 3.0 and a female full-sized Display port. I believe that I now need a display port to HDMI adapter to connect to the external monitor. Would it be better to return this adapter and purchase a different one?    UPDATE: I don't really need HDMI for my second external monitor, since it also has a VGA port. I ended up purchasing a USB 3.0 to VGA adapter, which costs only $16. All my laptops have at least one spare SS port, so I am good now.
I need to take stereo images with good image clarity and close shutter timing.  USB web cams are an obvious option but they tend to have low clarity with lots of motion blur and synchronizing shutters from multiple cameras is not possible.  Modern action cams have API shutter control and good still image quality, but all that I have researched can only be controlled over their own wifi hotspot, preventing the processing computer from being connected to two actions cams simultaneously.  Tetherable point and shoot cameras are extremely rare, while DSLRs that support tethering start at around $500.  Is there a simple USB still camera available? Or an action cam or similar that allows USB tethering?
I am looking for depth sensors to implement some aggorithms. I have heard Kinect is a good option. But, how does it work? Buy a Kinect and then connect to a computer? Which Kinect is recommended - Xbox 360 or Xbox one?   Can Kinect work without a XBox Console?   How is the data transferred to the PC ?
Can someone recommend a monitor that can play video files straight from an external hard drive, preferably along a USB to USB connection and preferably in various formats (certainly including .mp4, preferably also .flv and .mkv), and that does not need also to be connected to the internet or a laptop or use wifi. Ideally I would like something that does not receive any kind of TV signal and therefore does not require a TV licence to keep. I realise a CPU is required in order to stream the file to the monitor, but I'm wondering whether you can get this built into the box with the monitor and without requiring a separate third device.  To summarise: I need a screen that I can put on the wall so that when I want to watch one of the films I've got on an external drive, I can throw a USB cable from the external drive to the monitor, throw an audio cable from the monitor to some speakers, and sit back and watch the film. (And I don't want to watch TV or do anything on the internet or using wireless.)
I am looking to use a wifi extender at our hotel on holiday. Issue is that the hotel wifi most likely will require a Web login on the device.  Do WiFi extenders exist that allow you to do a Web login on the extender and then allow me to connect the two phones and laptop to the extender?
We want to offer Colocation in a DataCenter and therefore we need to messure the energy consumption of every single server via API. Also we need to be able to switch the power on/off state for every single machine too.  I think I am looking for a PDU, but I am not sure.  When looking for PDU on ebay, it seems they offer this functionality only for the whole PDU, but not for every single outlet.  Is there some specfic term for the kind of hardware I am looking for? If it's PDU, is there some sub term? What are the things I need to be aware of, so it fulfill my requirements?
I am looking for a small mobile device to display a list of sensitive information.   The storage of the device must be encryptable and the user must first enter a PIN to decrypt the storage at boot time and second enter a PIN to authenticate himself in order to use the device.  The size of the device can be up to common tablet size (~10,5''), but the smaller the better.  Moreover, the device must own no wireless interfaces to reduce the possible attack surface. As a consequence it is only possible to I/O with the device via a wired interface (which should be a common type, e.g. USB).  For the usage, the device should provide a touch screen, but this is not mandatory. Another kind of user interface interaction would also be ok.  Budget does not play a role.    Background to this is as follows: I already tried to realize this via a Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 (gts28vewifi aka SM-T713) for which I have modified the LineageOS sources and build a custom variant that does not have WIFI and BT. But I failed as the device restarts after some time during the boot. Most likely this is because the WIFI system is not found or some related consequences caused by removing WIFI and BT from the build.  Thank you for your tips and suggestions. If more information is necessary or I forgot something important, I will edit my question, of course. Maybe there is another possibility to satisfy those requirements I am not aware of at the moment :)
I actually have a multi-button mouse that works well and fits my requirements (a Microsoft IntelliMouse Optical 1.1A), but I use keymappings and button mappings a lot on my Mac and would like a mouse with more buttons that I can customize.  I tried plugging in a friend's Razer mouse to my MacBook Pro (can't find the model but it had a keypad under the thumb with a round button in the center and seven numbered buttons around that).  However, the mouse showed up as a keyboard to my Mac (though the cursor moved fine), and I couldn't get the extra buttons recognized as mouse clicks in the customization software I use (which is BetterTouchTool).  On a Windows 7 computer I opened up Notepad and the extra buttons just typed in their number (i.e. button 1 typed a "1", etc.).  I use mostly a Mac (El Capitan 10.11.6), plus a Windows 7 computer at work, and occasionally a Linux desktop.  I want the mouse to work on any of these out of the box, with the possibility for custom mappings on any of these OSes (perhaps requiring third party software).  Requirements:   Wired mouse Scroll wheel I don't know about optical or laser, but it should work on a wooden desk without a trackpad (which my current optical mouse does fine). Must have MORE THAN five buttons to be worth changing.  My current mouse has left click, right click, middle click, plus two extra buttons (one on each side).  The more buttons the better so long as they are usably arranged and show up as MOUSE CLICKS to whatever customization software, not as key presses. Must work on Linux, Mac and Windows. Must appear to the computer as a mouse and not as a keyboard. Don't care about price if it fits all the above requirements.   (Feel free to educate me on the mouse/keyboard recognition point as I expect there is probably more in play here than just the physical mouse hardware itself.)
Short version: Is there a large power bank available (21000mAh+) which output both via USB type A and USB type C (for a MacBook Pro) and have integrated solar panels for emergency situations (I understand this would take ages to charge back up but read below for reason why).  Long version: I am soon going to a 7 day long music festival where I will have no access to mains power for the entire duration. I currently have a tiny battery bank which can barely charge my iPhone to 60% from 0%. Therefore, I am looking for a battery bank with a very big capacity (2100mAh+). Furthermore, I would like it if the battery bank could have some sort of integrated solar panels so that while I am at the festival, I can leave it out to charge up so that it doesn't run dry as this would be a nightmare: walking out of the festival with no phone power, having to find myself back to my house 100+Km away. The final wish is that when I am finished at the music festival, I feel it would be rather pointless to have such a large battery bank which is only capable of charging my iPhone as I don't expect I will be that far from mains power for that long in a while making the capacity of the power bank a useless investment. Therefore, I would like it if the battery bank could output sufficient power to charge a 15 inch MacBook Pro at a reasonable speed for times when I'm travelling and I need to charge my MacBook in a pinch.  I've had a look around the internet and couldn't find anything which fulfilled all of the above criteria. For example, I have found this power bank which can output both to an iPhone and to a MacBook with a very respectable capacity but does not have solar panels. I have also found this one which can charge via solar power, charge an iPhone and also has a respectable capacity but it wouldn't be able to charge a MacBook. I would really appreciate it if someone could advise me on some possible solutions. Is there a battery bank out there which can fulfil these criteria? If not, what are some other solutions? What about buying a bank like this one and having some sort of separate solar panel system which could charge that power bank? If so, what are some good options for good and cheap solar panels?  It would be preferable if the overall cost of a solution could be under £60 but almost definitely under £80.  Thank you in advance for any advice,  Kind regards, Tom  EDIT: I understand that Voltaic has a solar charging solution for MacBooks as you can see here but the problem is that a) it is extemely expensive (nearly £300) and that it assumes that the solar panels need to be able to charge the MacBook whereas in reality, they only need to supply enough power for an iPhone in a pinch.
Background: My socket 1155 CPU fan (Intel brand) struggles to move, very likely because of dust buildup (there was quite a bit of dust in the case when I opened it).  Now I know that computer fans can be repaired, and I've done that myself for a power supply fan. However, I'm struggling with opening up the Intel CPU fan: Removing the sticker doesn't reveal the usual pad over the axis which you can open. Looking inside the slit (which is quite large, making it easy for dust to get in) shows the part with the coils is attached by contacts which move a bit, but I can't separate the assembly.  Therefore I'm looking a socket 115x CPU fan with the following characteristics:   As silent as possible Normal cooling requirements, the CPU is not overclocked etc. At least somewhat resistant to dust getting in (no big openings like in the Intel fan) Repairable: Should be constructed in a way that makes it possible to open it up, lubricate the axis, and clean dust if necessary.   The last point is the most important one, and I hope to find someone here who has done this himself, and can share the brand and model for which it worked.  (Yes, I know I can just pay the 15 EUR everytime it breaks down and get a new one, and that this is less effort than repairing, yada yada, but it's a matter of principle: Why throw away a perfectly good component that just needs a bit of cleaning or lubricating? There's enough electronic garbage, I don't need unnecessarily add to it.)  (I couldn't find tags like "fan" or "repairable", "fan-controller" seems to be the best that I can find. Please edit with better tags as appropriate).
I am going to purchase a Synology DiskStation 218+ for home usage. Now, this will be physically located in my apartment and I am fearing that the rattle of two SATA HDD will be disturbing.  The NAS will not be used constantly, but only from time to time as of the situation is right now. I think I think the required diskspace will be about 2 TB (RAID1). So looking at the compatibility list on Synologys website, the SSD drives there are quite expensive (2TB drives goes for about 450-900 USD, tax included converted from SEK). This sounds quite expensive and I am not sure if my nights sleep is worth this much.  So now I am wondering two things:   Is it possible to buy SSD drives that not is on the compatibility list? Does anyone have an opinion on the sound, is having regular 3.5" SATA going to be annoying or is it possible to live with this noise, unless I want to spend 1000-2000 USD on buying SSD drives?   BR Patrik
I am cutting the cable. Actually I just called Comcast. Cancelled my voice and TV. I will get Extreme Internet (250mbps) plus the modem rental from them.   Is there a list of good options to buy my own cable modem and stop paying Comcast for renting it? Am I loosing any feature/convenience/putting myself at risk by buying my own instead of renting it from Comcast?
I have a home theater system, A PC, and a PS4. Every time I switch between using the PC and the PS4, I have to unplug the 3.5mm input for the speaker between the PS4 and the PC. This is frustrating since I have to go to the backside of the PS4 and PC all the time.  Now, I know I can buy an extension for the respective devices but I would have to manually swap each one.  Is there a device of some sort which will take two inputs, and based on a switch state, give the output to the speaker?
I am looking for a DDR4-3200mhz 16Gb (2x8) memory under 170$ that will work at full speed or over 3000 mhz out of the box without overclocking with ryzen 5 2600X or ryzen 7 1800X and gigabyte X470 aorus ultra gaming mobo or any equal mobo  Please if anyone can help and i don't mind changing mobo  Right now i am considering G skill Flare X but its 250$ and a many say that AMD compatible is just a marketing thing.Did it work for anyone out of the box at full speed ?And is there any other cheaper ram ?
I am looking for a small server or nas for my home plaything It should be able to perform the following tasks.   Function as Media server / net drive / TV-streaming / music-streaming Have FTP server host Webserver / mysql db small hyper-v cluster  1-4 VMs Backup my PC hardrives and all the above maybe mirror the backup automatically (not an backup expert) 10TB to 20TB to be backed up   I heard NAS's nowadays are pretty good? Are there solutions which can all of the above?  Or would you recommand to spliting the funcs, between devices.  Or build my own server/case with hardware components and use a specific OS and controller? Or maybe I should use actually labeled server to not to have problems with performance?  Webserver would be running a few webpages(nothing user intensive) as well as be my test env. for private Hyper-Vs would be running SQL server and a few api connections streaming realtime data into the db as well as into some applications performing tasks ~ few gb a month.  Costa quanta?
I love the MacBook Trackpad and it's gestures, and I would like something like it that is compatible for Windows. I know Apple actually sells its Magic Trackpad, but the problem is that there are no actual multi-touch gestures supported, even with third party applications.  So to the point: Is there an external trackpad/touchpad for Windows devices with nice multi-touch gestures?  Example Gestures:    3 Fingers swiped upwards: Overview of all present windows and desktops 4 fingers "pinched": making desktop free; Pulling the 4 fingers back together puts windows back on screen 3 Finger swiped horizontally: Switching between desktops   Budget is actually not that much of a problem. I'm ready to pay a few bucks for decent hardware. Since Apple sells its newest Trackpad "Magic Trackpad 2" for 149.99 €, I think that might be a fair price for a decent Windows Trackpad
I live in a rural area where power outages happen quite often but my house has been equipped with a diesel generator to counter those outages, yet it takes 17 to 20 seconds to spin up, so all of the electronic equipment I have running on mains shuts down in that time. Now I want to install an uninterruptible power supply that can supply about 500-600 Watt for those 20-30 seconds, but most UPS that I found offer much longer time than I need, cost more and are more bulky.  What equipment should I consider for my setup?
I built a PC not very long ago. Here are the specs (I have a different case, but I couldn't find the one I own, so I chose a similar one). My 1050Ti is a really good graphics card. It seems to be a great overclocker as well. However, as a huge surprise to no one, it can't get 60FPS in 1080p in ultra settings in AAA titles like GTA 5 as it's a budjet card. I'm looking for a graphics card which will be able to achieve that and maintain it for as long as possible. The 1070Ti looks like an attractive option, however I think it would be better for me to wait for the next generation NVidia cards. An 1160 and an 1170 have been rumored, however the 1160 especially needs to be taken with a grain of salt along with the rumored spcs. Lastly, it is said that NVidia currently are stuck with a large number of graphics cards because of the plummeting demand from miners. Should/Can I take advantage of this? I don't know anything about AMD cards, but that doesn't mean I won't accept an AMD card suggestion. My budjet is around 600-700$ Thanks!
There are any number of devices which you can plug into the USB C port of the laptop, plug in USB C power source into the device and also plug in USB devices -- but these are typically powered from the USB C port of the laptop. What I am looking for is a device which has a DC-to-DC converter in it so it can power the USB A ports of it. A cross between http://www.hundapower.com/en/Product/Info/430.html and https://plugable.com/products/usbc-hub3p/. Basically, the Razer Power Bank without the batteries.
I'm looking for small Type-C Male to 2x Type-C Female cable for smartphone (with the possibility of charging). But I really haven't even seen any. Is there an opportunity to find any, do they exist?
Please can someone recommend how much additional RAM (8GB or 4GB) shall I upgrade to for below present specs:  Model: Inspiron 5000 Series - 5567 Model,  Processor - i3-7100U CPU @ 2.40 MHz, Ram - 1x4GB DDR4-2400 MHz with CL 15, Memory Slots in Laptop = 2  My present RAM usage is always above 80%  Also, please suggest which good RAM can I purchase.  Thanks in advance.  PS: Looking for preferences within India.
I'm looking for a gaming keyboard that has onboard memory for macros, lighting, and profiles.  I've got the Razor Blackwidow Chroma V2 and I love it, but it lacks the onboard memory part.  I can program the macro buttons, but if I move the keyboard to another device, I lose the macros.  I'm not overly picky about the switch types.
I need to buy a new laptop and I've been doing my homework for about 3 days now. After going through a lot of laptops, I've found that within my budget and keeping everything else in common (RAM, processor etc.), I'm having to choose between a laptop with 256 GB SSD (SATA) with a Intel Core i5 7th gen chip and a laptop with a 1TB HDD, but with the newer Intel Core i5 8th gen chip.  Which one will give me the greatest performance improvement? Going for the Intel Core i5 8th gen chip or the 256 GB SSD?
The ADATA Trio was a microSD to SD adapter that also had a USB interface in it, such that you would not need a USB to SD adapter.  You could take off the cover and stick it into your PC's USB port.  It was awesome, and I had one.  It was broken, and I could never find a replacement, neither from ADATA, nor a knock-off.  Is there a modern version of this?  You can see it on Amazon, Newegg, or this review.
I purchased a powered USB 3 Hub with individual switches.  It appears to meet all these criteria:   Must have external power source 3-5 ports total (keep it small) Individual toggle switches for each port USB3 speeds for all ports   Unfortunately, when actually using it, it doesn't deliver USB3 speeds beyond port 1.  See this Super User SE question.  So I'm looking for a powered USB3 hub that actually is confirmed to deliver USB3 speeds for all ports.  (Note this is different from a similar question in which the external power is optional... it is a requirement here.)
I have a laptop with a 15.6" 1920x1080 screen. I want to purchase a monitor to use with this laptop. I use XFCE, it is not possible to specify DPI per monitor in XFCE. In order to make text on the monitor to be the same size as on the laptop screen, I want the monitor DPI to be as close as possible to the laptop screen.  I made some calculations and composed a list of common monitor resolutions and sizes that would have a DPI close to the needed:  |Width|Height|Size (inch)|DPI             | |-----|------|-----------|----------------| |2560 |1600  |23.0       |131.255389663396| |3200 |1600  |27.0       |132.507731999988| |1920 |1200  |17.0       |133.185615981976| |2560 |1440  |22.0       |133.509525459533| |2048 |1536  |19.0       |134.736842105263| |2560 |1440  |21.5       |136.614398144639| |2560 |1600  |22.0       |137.221543739005| |3840 |2160  |32.0       |137.681698130144| |3440 |1440  |27.0       |138.119846172523| |2048 |1536  |18.5       |138.378378378378| |3840 |1600  |30.0       |138.666666666667| |2560 |1080  |20.0       |138.924439894498| |2560 |1600  |21.5       |140.41274243061 | |1920 |1080  |15.6       |141.211998082199|  <- My laptop |4096 |2160  |32.0       |144.707463525556| |1920 |1200  |15.6       |145.138171262409| |2560 |1080  |19.0       |146.236252520524| |2560 |1440  |20.0       |146.860478005487| |3840 |2160  |30.0       |146.860478005487| |3200 |1600  |24.0       |149.071198499986| |2560 |1080  |18.5       |150.188583669728| |2048 |1536  |17.0       |150.588235294118| |2560 |1600  |20.0       |150.943698112906|   But I failed to find any existing monitors sold with these parameters. What monitors exist with a DPI as close to 141 as possible?
I'm looking for something similar to this SATA-USB docking station, but I need it to be able to interface with a SAS drive. I tried to use the one I have, but it's SATA only. I've found some 5.25" bays that can handle SAS drives, but they require a direct connection to the motherboard. I'm looking for something easier to connect and move around, preferably through USB.
I want to buy a scanner for my future Linux machine. But I am worried about spyware since scanners bundle third-party proprietary software with the scanner and printer manufacturers already use steganography.  Does any company sell open-source scanners with the same business model as the MakerBot Replicator, whose plans were open-source and the company had profits from customers who didn't want to make the 3D printer from scratch?
I am looking for a vertical mouse that also has a step-less or free swinging scroll where, which works similar like the ones from the Logitech G-Series mice, where you have a button to unlock the scroll wheel, so that you can scroll a long way by just swinging the scroll wheel once.  I looked through tons of vertical mice online but did not encounter one with such an unlockable scroll wheel.  Do you know of any such vertical mouse?
I recently learnt about the Dead Drops project, and have found a few dead drops in my city listed on the database. I want to determine whether these dead drops are still extant, and if they are, connect my laptop to them to see what's on them. However, connecting a wall-mounted flash drive directly into a laptop's USB port is pretty awkward to do.   What cables exist out there that could act as an extender for the flash drive, so that one end can be inserted into the drive, and the other into my laptop's USB port so that I can read the contents of the USB drive as normal? This seems a trivially simple piece of hardware, but now that I think about it, I've never heard of anything like this and I don't know what it would be called.
I'm looking to massively upgrade my home infrastructure. I have multiple wired and wireless devices - desktop computers, laptops, servers, tablets, phones, assistants (Alexa, Google Assistant, etc), game consoles, home automation hardware.  My end goal is to have multiple networks. A "safe"/green network for devices I trust (my computers, game consoles) that will be a combination of wired and wireless, a home automation network where the assistants and automation hardware will live that will need a single wired port and the rest will be wireless, a DMZ where the servers will live that will be all wired access and a guest wireless network that will be all wireless access. The devices that can control the home automation will probably live on that specific network as well due to how the automation devices work.  I'd like a router (with possible additional access points) to cover the entire house and a bit of the yard. This is roughly 4000 square feet across two levels.   I do not want to build a Linux based router for this. I understand that such distributions exist. I'm not interested in that. I want a single device (router) and possibly complimentary access points where I just need to configure things.  Additional nice to haves:   Wireless that operates on both 2.4 and 5Ghz frequencies.  Ability to open and close access between the various networks. For example, a firewall hole between the "green" network and the DMZ for SSH access or preventing the guest network from communicating communicating with any of the other three networks. Intuitive user interface for configuring all of this. DHCP server for each network, with different IP ranges.   I'm guessing the budget for this router and an access point or two that can handle all of this will be less than $1,000.
I currently have a 5 year old HP laptop running Windows 7. I live in a rural area where our internet speeds are 1 MB or less. I am actually able to do skype calls and online video chats with people online even with my poor internet connection (it is very low quality but it works).  Windows 7 is starting to get a bit old and I was thinking that it was time to get a new laptop. The first laptop that I got was a HP Stream 15 or 14 inch screen with 4 GB of RAM. I know that it is not a powerful computer, but I mostly just browse the web and use skype. Unfortunately, Windows 10 has such large updates that 100% of my internet connection is always consumed by updates. My DSL modem is running/sending traffic continually. At times, it is very difficult to even get it to load google. The HP Stream has behaved like this even when it was new - so it doesn't have a virus and I installed a virus checker and did a scan to verify that it has no viruses. My Windows 7 laptop does not consume large amounts of bandwidth like the HP Stream. I also tried setting my wifi connection to be metered, but it still consumes all of my available internet bandwidth.  The next device that I tried was an Acer Chromebook. I know that skype doesn't run natively on chromebooks, but I found some online browser based video chat websites and tried using one of these (there is also an online version of skype). However, about 10 minutes into the chat, the entire labtop's screen goes black and it crashes.  So I've now tried both Windows 10 and Chromebooks. Windows 10 would be fine if it could download multi-gigabyte updates (I've even left my HP Stream on overnight in hopes that it would download the updates, but it is still not done in the morning). Chromebooks would be fine if they didn't crash.  What is a good recommendation for a labtop that would work well on a super slow internet connection? Should I look for a new windows 7 labtop? Macs are too expensive for me to try.
I'm going to buy a MacBook Pro released in 2018 (not sure 13' or 15', but BTO to the highest specs in either case), which I use to build a Deep Learning model as well as the daily use. Daily use consists of 90% and I won't use cloud-based services for building a deep learing model.  Now, I'm also going to buy a Nvidia GPU (CUDA-compatible) that I can connect to the MacBook Pro to build the model, as CPU is pretty useless I think. But all the GPU options I checked (at least common options on Deep Learning field, such as 1080 ti) seem to require a very big, heavy box to hold the GPU, which seems clear to use at home. I would like to bring my Mac as well as GPU outside, mainly at cafes to use the computer.  Is there any option that I can bring them to use outside, possibly less than 600g with the GPU and box included, and is suitable for the MacBook Pro to build a Deep Learning model?
I have two work laptops. One came with a docking  station & external monitor.  I’m using two different keyboard & mouse.  I want to use same keyboard & mouse & switch across one laptop to another.  I am not supposed to install any third party softwares.  My understanding about kvm switch is to connect multiple computers & share common monitor, keyboard , mouse.  In this scenario, 2 laptops has its own screens.
I'm thinking about buying a new laptop with web development as the main focus and a little bit of expectations on gaming.  Usage Scenario  Website development (Angular JS) meaning I want to run a terminal process, browser (to refer to documentation), and VS Code all simultaneously.  Parameters   Budget: 400-500 € (463.30 - 579.13 USD) Preferred purveyor location: Europe (to avoid the payment of extra costs)   Other Considerations   Gaming (to play some old glories I think that almost every machine built in the last 5 years would have adequate hardware) Can be a refurbished system.
I have checked a few questions here regarding the GPU and bought the 1080Ti. Now I am trying to figure out the rest of the configuration and it should be below 1000$.  I have seen that i5-8600K sounds like a good option and I would like to go with 8th generation. However, now I am stuck with choosing the appropriate motherboard and cooling units.  In my country I have available: GIGABYTE Z370 AORUS GAMING 3 REV.1.0 and ASUS ROG STRIX Z370-H GAMING which i have available for 230$ and 280$ respectively.   I am also considering Gigabyte Z370 HD3 which is a cheaper option 150$.  Please note, that I do not need anything shiny (RGB LEDs etc.) but single PCI x16 is required. On top of this, I will need a suggestion for cooling.  Also, it would be great if someone could tell me which boards play nicely with Linux (Ubuntu).  Any suggestions are more than welcome, even which brand seems better to you.
I'm currently searching some bluetooth headphones to take with me when going to the gym. Problem with that is, all the ones I found so far are in-ear headphones (compare pic below), which I absolutly hate to stick in my ears. It always kind of hurts and my eyes immediately start to water a little. Some of them also include these winged tips. These I have no problem with.  Can anyone suggest me some bluetooth headphones, which are good for the gym? The fact that im pointing out the gym-asprect is the noise isolation. At the moment I'm using regular Apple Earpods, which sound okayish, but don't provide any isolation at all. I always have to pump up the volume in order to drown the music playing in the gym and other background noises. That's obviously very bad for your ears, hence I'm searching for better alternatives.  I thought about maybe taking the Bose Soundsports for a test, since they don't seem to go as far into the ear canal as other in-ear headphones. Can anybody recommend them by any chance?  I hope my question is clear, if not feel free to ask. It's my first one on here :D
My laptop is the ASUS F556UA-UH71, and its motherboard number is the X556UAK. It has 8GB of RAM soldered on the motherboard itself with the following specs: DDR4 2400MHz, timing: 15-15-15-35. Mind you, even though it's rated at 2400MHz, it runs at 2133MHz due to the processor, which doesn't support frequencies higher than that (i7-7500U). There is an expansion slot and I wanted to expand it to 16GB, not only because of the work that I do and some light gaming, but also to experience the performance benefits of a dual channel setup.   So I did some research to find compatible RAM sticks. If I go with a 2400MHz stick, the best timing that I could find is 16-16-16-39. So my best bet is to go with a 2133MHz, and the best timing on those are 15-15-15-36. Actually, there aren't too many options available for me, the only one that I can choose is the G.SKILL Ripjaws F4-2133C15S-8GRS, a Corsair ValueSelect.  My question is, will I run into problems by installing this stick, due the different, but similar timing? Will the difference in frequencies cause problems, even though the 7500U doesn't support higher frequencies than 2133MHz and the one on the motherboard is rated at 2400MHz?
The monitor must have those characteristics:   FullHD (1920 × 1080 pixel, 1080p) Flicker-free/Flicker safe 75-120 Hz Response time 1-5ms AMD Freesync IPS Smaller than 20" 16:9 aspect ratio   Built in speakers are not required  Unfortunately I couldn't find anything like that on the internet, even though I've searched everywhere. Can anyone recommend me any monitor with this characteristics?
I don't know if this is a weird question, but here it goes: I would like a laptop without a GUI. I want to exclusively use the command line. I want to install Linux in it. The laptop should be small, 14" tops. It should have an excellent battery life, and good wifi. Hopefully, the hardware will be supported natively, without binary blobs.  I have a Asus Transformer TF101. I installed Archlinux in it. It was a permanent "work in progress". I really liked the small form factor, and the battery lasted forever (given the fact that I had 2 batteries when using the keyboard attachment). But it died on me.  I'm not a masochist. I read Brian Lunduke's article. But I feel the GUI takes focus away. I want to use it mainly to write code (using VIM) while commuting. Listening to music (with cmus or mpv). Email (with alpine or mutt) and text based web browsing (with lynx and/or w3m). I want something that doesn't weight too much, while at it.  Any suggestions?
Which in-ear wired earphones would you recommend as the best compromise between maximum noise isolation (passive, not active noise cancellation), good bass and compatibility with android mic/volume controls for max 150 euros?
I am using EVGA - SuperNOVA G2 850W 80+ Gold Certified Fully-Modular ATX Power Supply for my current build, and my load seems to be 470W. For my computer monitors, I am using Lenovo LT2452P. So, I need one power cord for PC and one for the monitor.  Questions:   I am trying to determine between 18/16/14 AWG which power supplies do I need for my PC and my monitor. I already have some power cords, but how could I determine what AWG do they have?
Please recommend a one-device or two-device solution that meets the following requirements:   Print single-sided in color Printer will continue to work fine even if nothing printed for weeks at a time (tried 2 EPSON multifunction devices, both of which had printer head problems if nothing printed for 2 weeks) Duplex scanning from an auto-document feeder that will save scans into searchable PDF files (using OCR) Scanner must accept full pages as well as receipts, business cards, and other odd-shaped items Wireless compatible (WiFi) Windows compatible Total price of under $300
(Yes, I’ve seen this question which is very similar, however my specs include the word gigabit. Also the only current answer to that question was written by someone that didn’t understand the meaning of “dual-WAN and made an incorrect assumption about its meaning.)  I’m looking for a gigabit multi-WAN (or dual-WAN) Router for use in an automatic failover application.    I have a problematic cable connection which fails several times a month.  With my current level of home automation I can simply no longer accept that failure.  The cable modem is already a separate device (i.e. not an all-in-one combo device).  I have also already purchased a Netgear LB2120 4G cellular modem, which was supposed to also handle the failover routing (oddly the cable company blocks the device as a failover router, I can use it as a modem behind another router tho).  LB2120 also has no means of external configuration.  At the moment switching internet connections is as manual as walking in and swapping plugs, which doesn’t work if I’m not home.  I’ve also already tried purchasing, and recently returned to vendor, TP-Link TL-ER5120 v3 which should have solved the problem, but doesn’t because it has an odd firmware bug which seems to block ports on the local network.  (Specifically in testing port 3389–I suspect many others).  There is a bizarre long email chain with TP-link support where the initial entry level support associate validates my claim “in the lab.  She passes the case to “senior level support who consistently argues there is no problem found, and continues “coaching me on setup. There are several really odd things that make me suspect about the “senior techs understanding of his job, he insists: Static IP (not DHCP reservation) must be used, he also insists the client end (not the server end) be assigned the static IP, and finally he admits he is not using 5120 v3 but an older 6120 model that is “very similar to mine.  He consistently tells me I don’t understand what to do, that I’m not following his instructions (even though I tried it his way and sent screenshots proving that I did).  There is also now another user in the TP-link public forum same complaint  Requirements include:    Gigabit router, Multi or dual  WAN with load balance/failover configurable options. DHCP server, with reservations Port Forwarding (i.e. opening an external port pointing to a specific internal IP and port). No WiFi required (I already have a wired dual band AP in a centrally located position that provides excellent WiFi coverage). not Enterprise level pricing (I can find this router many times over for $900+, however hardly any under $200, and only about one under $100). ~50 clients connected between a mix of wired and WiFi (but any gigabit router should handle that). configureable remote access (I shouldn’t  actually need, but the fact the the Netgear LB-2120 has none exposes the potential need)   So to further reiterate, this router must have the ability to handle at least two internet (WAN) connections, one primary and one failover.
I have a corsair vengeance 8gig DDR3 RAM in one slot. I want to upgrade it with same speed and capacity but with other brand. Does they work fine? Or I have to use the same brand? TIA
I'm looking for a gamepad with strong wireless signal. I'm not very sure what exactly is supposed to be strong, either bluetooth receiver or both gamepad and receiver. If you can suggest strong bluetooth receiver, I would be happy to hear that too.  So, now about my problem. I put all my devices into the storeroom and try to connect all these devices to all TVs I have. Unfortunately gamepads are working not perfectly and situation is following:   Playstation 3 have strongest signal after I've added external bluetooth antenna. No problems with it at all; Playstation 4 have some problems in some areas (external bluetooth antenna is added here also). I believe that I can find better place for the antenna so it will cover all the places I need; PC - I've plugged in quite cheap (15-20$) controller to it and the connectivity is very bad. It doesn't cover even 30% what PS 4 controller does   So now the question would be, what kind of setup is needed to get the same connectivity as currently PS3 has?
I am looking for a durable, corded mouse. I have used the Logitech M500 corded mouse in the past, and I really like the model. Problem is, the thing breaks reliably after less than a year, one way or another. Sometimes the buttons don't work anymore, sometimes that tracking doesn't work or the cable breaks. It's really annoying. I am ordering them at least once a year. My mother also uses this mouse and has the same experience with this model.  I don't need all those fancy features, I just don't want to buy so many mice anymore. Just a sturdy and reliable mouse. Maximum price is 50 bucks, unless you can convince me otherwise =)  We only use them at home, for gaming and other tasks. It would be cool if the size would be comparable to the M500 (not those small laptop mice)
My PC is:   i5-6600K on Asus Z170-A Gigabyte GTX 1070 G1 Gaming 8GB 16GB RAM   I have 2 monitors - Dell U2414H and old Samsung that I want to replace.  I choosing between:   2nd Dell U2414H Dell U2715H (or Dell U2717D) Acer XB271HU   What monitor will be best choice long term wise? I dont plan to upgrade my PC for next 2 years.  Mostly I work on that PC and play games like WoW, SC2, Civilization VI, Tomb Raider etc.  UPDATE  I ended up with Acer XB271HU and pretty happy. I can achieve 120 FPS with my setup in all competitive games I play and in general picture quiality seems decent.
I create parts using MasterCam software (https://www.mastercam.com/en-us/). Essentially this is CAD/CAM software and I would like to buy a better printer than the one I have. I dont need a plotter.  Here are my requirements:  Minimum:  - 11x17  - Laser  - Ability to print higher detail  Preferred: Color  My budget is less than $1,000.
I am a novice when it comes to hardware world. If this is not the appropriate site, I request the moderators to redirect me to the correct one and close this question :).  My objectives pertaining to the laptop:  Only ONE os - RHEL(enterprise or developer, I haven't decided). Dell laptops come loaded with Ubuntu and are 'RHEL certified'. I didn't understand what they meant, also, I want only RHEL, to begin with.  What would save a 'considerable' amount - buying from the provider with above features preconfigured or simply buy the hardware without OS(bare metal) and then install RHEL by myself? If there isn't much difference, I would prefer to buy from the provider.  Configuration to suit development needs:   16-32 GB RAM 1+TB SSD i7/AMD equivalent Motherboard that can handle all the above Possibility to add RAM, in the future
I am looking for an Android phone or a small tablet to use -- without a waterproof case -- as a navigation device on a bicycle.  The main requirement is that it must be able to withstand hours of pouring rain, and the touchscreen must remain operable when wet. It should also be possible to recharge the device while using it in the rain and without putting it at risk (through exposed charging ports etc).  The ability to use the touchscreen while wearing gloves would be a plus.  I am looking for recommendations based on real-world experience rather than marketing materials (a lot of manufacturers advertise IP ratings, MIL-STD-810G self-certification etc but it's hard to tell what any of that means in real-world use).
Does anyone know if there exist some device marked as "X" on this image? I could not find anything.  Transfer range should be at least 10m.  Also "Some Device" is just piece of hardware, so there can't be installed anything on it.  UPDATE:  Updated the image so it is more clear. Need something like wireless USB. So if I connect "Some Device" to "X" it will be recognized by Notebook.  I am not sure, but maybe it is possible to programme the "Y" as a virtual USB. I mean to catch the wifi data and transfer it to virtual USB, so that the application on Notebook can communicate with "Some Device".
Thank you for future responses to this question.  I am a web developer. I work corporate during the day and freelance during the night utilizing mostly front-end technologies/design tools and some back-end technologies. I'm trying to transition into Macs for my freelance so that I can prototype with better software like Sketch and I would like to start developing in Swift. I also am Microsoft Certified at work, so I will probably need to run VMs.  I'm looking to purchase a Mac to do this. However, I need to make sure it will cover my stack/tools. I'm willing to spend a bit more than my budget if it really would make the difference into the future but would prefer options within my budget.  I am on a budget, looking to spend less than $1600 on hardware if possible. I already have a phenomenal design monitor and the peripherals to match.  I have read that Macbook Pros and iMacs are great for what I am trying to do.  I am willing to buy refurb as well.   Thank you again for any suggestions.  John M.
I live in Sydney, Australia.  I'm upgrading my programming workstation. my requirements basically are a upper mid-tier performance laptop - at least 3.5GHz core processing which has been customised for data analysis and processing (like how an intel i7 is better suited for video editing) .. I'll mostly be using it to build web applications in either PHP, Java, Node etc .. it should be able to support a high resource requirement IDE .. at least 8GB RAM (16 GB preferable), SSD hard drive (256GB preferable - otherwise 128GB is also fine but it should then have either a thunderbolt or USB 3.0 connector to connect to an external hard drive ), a compatible docking station (or external GPU if that's still in fashion and if it will end up freeing laptop internal graphic resources) with the ability to have three-four monitors (backward compatible to a standard VGA display connector)  Right now I'm looking at the SurfaceBook by Microsoft because out of all of the 2 in 1 laptops on the market it's the only one I've seen which has the ability to clip off into a tablet .. all the other ones having a folding mechanism which turns it into a tablet .. I'll need a 2 in 1 as I'll be using it to take notes for client meetings etc. thus replacing my everyday 'notebook' which I always need to take photographs of to have a digital copy ..  I have around 2.5K AUD to spend so if there is an option which ticks all the boxes or provides a lot more power for a little bit extra cash, I'm happy to consider.
I am looking for a solution for capturing live data (TCP and broadcast/multicast over UDP) with little latency impact (e.g. < 50 nanosecond) with timestamping in nano or in some stable clock cycle (e.g. some stable oscillator) given:   no additional switch (as no private switch is allowed in the datacenter) no additional server any hardware that can stay inside an 1U server but not outside (optical splitter is okay) only capturing the traffic in one physical optical line   I have tried (onload_)tcpdump and the latency impact is at microsecond level.  Any suggestion is welcome.
I am looking for a processor recommendation for single thread load to be used for PowerBI load.  Hardware   128-256 gb of DDR4 2666 RAM (can be non-ECC) [Raid 1] 2 NVMe Enterprise grade SSDs [Raid 10] 4 Enterprise grade HDDs (SCSI 15k or regular 7200 rpm)   Use Case  Daily processing ~40 mil rows of data spanning 7-8 atrributes in powerBI, and doing some attributes lookup and vector join in Qgis  Target Budget  I'd prefer to keep it below USD 20k (workstation only without monitor/peripheral), but will go beyond if have justification.    Currently using a Xeon E5-2640 v4. I'm learning toward i7-8700k b/c I can't seem to find a Xeon with good single thread performance. I am Considering an i9 series processor, but somehow it looks like optimized for multi thread performance.
Recently I found a 'Win SBS Prem 2003 1-2CPU 5-CAL' server. It's fully operational and appears to have adequate hardware (64 GB ram, 2 Intel Xeon CPU's, 1Tb hard drive). It runs Windows Small Business Server 2003. My question is if I could run Windows 10 on it or upgrade to a more functional software. I thought of booting from an external drive, but there really isn't any information online which tells me how to do that. My concern is that the hardware might not be compatible.  Thanks!
Is it possible to get a wireless adapter from my Macbook (with the old Mini Display Port) to my TV (with DVI, VGA and HDMI)? I would love to be able to send one screen to my TV and still be able to work something on my laptop from bed :) Do you know some option for this?
I have just had my third desktop PC in four years fried by an apparent power surge during a thunderstorm.  We rent an ancient house in Western North Carolina (read: "awful Duke Energy electrical grid and wiring that was installed shortly after Ben Franklin went kite-flying"), so I can't fix any of that.  Four years ago, there was a (probably) lightning-generated surge that took out a (turned off) desktop PC, my beloved gaming rig, one monitor, the ISP's modem, my Linksys router and an electric blanket.  Yesterday, another lightning-generated surge took out my (turned off but plugged in) gaming rig and, weirdly, whatever gizmo there is in the ISP's Arris router that handles ethernet connections - its wifi still works.  Neither of these surges damaged anything else and they didn't knock out the power or blow a breaker.  Is there a surge suppressor that can protect electronics from this kind of thing?  The fellow from the ISP that replaced the modem four years ago told me that nothing can contain a surge like that and that the only sure way to protect my gear is to unplug it during electrical storms. Is he right?
I don't mind cobbling one together with a Raspberry Pi & accessories, if that is possible.  Otherwise, I am looking for a cheap, portable RFID reader with 2 to 3 metre range, Preferable passive tags, but I will take active if it somehow brings the price down.  Cheap means sub $50, preferably chepaer.
I need a card for less than $40, not more, good for gaming with low ping/delay/latency.  My current LAN card is Intel® 82579, 1 x Gigabit LAN Controller(s). This is an in-built card, i.e. it is NOT external. It is not detachable and I cannot remove it from my PC.  My motherboard has these expansion slots:   2 x PCIe 3.0/2.0 x16 (x16 or dual x8)  1 x PCIe 2.0 x16 (x4 mode,  black) 2 x PCIe x1 2 x PCI   What is a good model for under 40 dollars?    The reason I want to buy another LAN card is because my current card gives me problems, for example:  1. I have invited my provider's personnel to check my PC, and they said     I should replace my Internet card because it was damaged in a     thunderstorm. Now it works worse, and I need to change it.  2. Also, my ping grew from 31 to 81, and this is critical for my FPS     shooter. Also, there is high ping when I have video-conferences, and     the other person interrupts me.
I am looking for a Wi-Fi adapter with:   802.11ac, 2.4 and 5GHz bands USB interface, possibly USB 2.0 to avoid the interference associated with USB 3.0 Preferably a small dongle with a standard SMA connector to attach a larger antenna critical in-tree Linux driver For bonus points, find one with 802.11r support   The background is I want a robust antenna for a robot I am building from a Raspberry Pi / Odroid C2 type device, but I do not want to mess around with modules and tainting the kernel.  I want a plug and play experience with the drivers built into the kernel. I will run the latest Ubuntu for ARMv8 and will happily use mainline kernels if a newer one is needed. As long as if I re-image the device, I do not need to compile and insert modules.  So far I have looked through the Linux source code and tried to cross-reference with the internet to identify a possible device. I could not find any.  Cheers!
I am looking for a laptop (under $860( approx.INR 60,000) in India).  As is probably clear from the title I shall mostly be using it for the following    Coding- Mostly C, C++, Java and Python (using the default IDLE) at the command line. But i shall still NEED NetBeans and VisualStudio for fairly regular use. CAE- AutoCAD/CATIA/MATLAB should run smoothly and stuff like Solidworks should be easily usable. Animation- I need to be able to use stuff like Adobe After Effects or Blender. At the very least Adobe's Imageready and Photoshop should run smoothly. (Use will not be heavy.) Additional Requirements-   It would greatly help if it can run glitch-free with a Linux dual-boot with Windows 10. I have not yet decided on the flavour (probably Ubuntu) (Related questions here,here and here). But i am told that this can be problamatic on certain machines. I am just starting college, so I need the laptop to last and keep doing all the above things for at least 4-6 years.      I am currently considering the following options -   HP BR104 TX (Rs. 55000)   with 8th gen i5 processor, iTB HDD, 2 GB graphics, 15.6" FHD screen HP BS146 TU (Rs. 42000)    with i5 8th gen, 4 GB RAM. I TB HDD nd 15.6" screen Acer Aspire 5 Asus Vivobook S15   (Rs. 60000) Asus Vivobook 15x 150 va  (Rs. 33000)     I have to make a decision soon (next 1-2 days) on this, so my question is - Considering all of my requirements, which one of these (or any other) laptop would you recommend and why ?
I need to buy Windows laptop for programming. I have some options, One laptop has i7-7700HQ, and other has i7-8550U.  In past, I thought, that U-Series processors are not for workstations and CPU-bound tasks. I wanted to buy some HQ laptop.  Today I have seen some videos and benchmarks, like this:  http://cpu.userbenchmark.com/Compare/Intel-Core-i7-8550U-vs-Intel-Core-i7-7700HQ/m320742vsm211019  https://www.notebookcheck.net/8550U-vs-7700HQ_9208_8400.247596.0.html  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxlHioejSEw  Now, I cannot understand, why these processes are almost equals.  Can you give me some advices, which processor should I buy and why?
I have 2 NAS (Acer EasyStore H340) with dead power supply. After googling to find the reference of the power supply, I found a german site with a compatible power supply unit:    After google translating the description, it describes the connectors as such :     Output plug: 20 + 4pin ATX (P1 and 24 are side by side plugged into the motherboard as shown in the picture), 4pin 12V, 8pin Acer special plug for backplane   It seems there is a special plug (seen on the right of the picture) with square holes. The power supply unit seems expansive (and shipping to my country seems complicated) so I was wondering if a "standard" one could work.   The special connector powers the card managing the disks (4 disks) as can be seen on this picture:    Is there any power supply compatible with such connectors?
I'm using an Apple Magic Keyboard on a PC at work by means of a USB cable. I'd like to do away with the cable, but the PC has no Bluetooth transponder. Can I buy a USB transponder that will work with my Magic Keyboard?  If so, what should I look for?  (I'm running Ubuntu, in case that influences what to look for.)
I am running 24*7 Web Service. So my server is expected to be connected at Internet always. I am using now CISCO 2800 router model. It just working fine. My all server boxes are Linux Machines. But Its there very hard time with my Internet Service Provider. Sometimes Its get disconnected. So I thought to buy a Secondary line from an another Internet Service Provider and connect to a New Router. I am not a System Admin Guy. Moreover I didn't have any firewalls for my servers. And I am thinking to have my routers configured as below,   One Primary Router(Typically new Router) connected to an one ISP with Static IP. It should serve for all my servers. One Secondary Router(Old Cisco 2800) connected to an another ISP with Static Ip. It should serve for all my local machines. So that our local browsing will not affect upload bandwidth of my servers.   OK. What If ISP connected in Primary Router is get disconnected from online. In this case, The Secondary Router should get alive for my servers too.   1) Could I do this configuartion through Routers? If I could do, then what Router should I buy?  2) Is there a Router will come with Firewall? What Firewall is best for my Linux Servers. I don't know much about Firewall. I just want some recommendations.  It is a server Related question. So I posted it earlier in Server Fault. But Someone told me to post this question here. Give your feedbacks Instead of giving Negatives
As you can read in this Super User question, I'm having a hard time getting two external 2.5" platter-based hard drives to run in USB 3.0 mode simultaneously off a single USB 3.0 port.  Can anyone recommend a USB3 hub with individual switches for each port that can definitely accomplish this task?
I'm trying to build a power logging device using a RasPi, to assess power usage on small electronics and power systems over a long period of time (up to many hours). The ultimate goal is to count watt-hours, but we can obviously compute that from volts and amps.   My requirements are:   Only need to measure DC power, no AC circuits involved here. Able to measure all the way down to 0V, up to 30V minimum. (One application will involve two 12V SLA batteries in series; at zero load these can approach 28.8V, so 30V seems to be a reasonable ceiling.) Able to measure amperage, from 0A to 30A minimum, possibly via a current shunt. (One application I have is to measure power drawn by an electric mobility scooter, which is rated up to 30A draw of 24V instantaneous) Able to output data regularly, minimum 1s measurement cycle, over an RS232 port (I intend to connect this to a Raspberry Pi via a USB to Serial interface) or a TTL port (this could possibly connect directly to the RasPi's serial interface?) 10mA resolution is an absolute minimum, higher is better.   Since I need the device to be able to measure down to 0V/0A, it obviously needs external power. Direct support for 5V would be obviously the best solution as it could be powered off the Pi's power bus, but requiring another voltage is fine because I can add a buck or boost converter as appropriate. The RasPi would be powered by an isolated USB power pack, so that it and the meters can still run even when the voltage is 0V.   All I've been able to find that partially accomplish this are the following:   Multimeters with RS232 interfaces. These are bulky and not well suited for the task, not to mention they can only measure one type of measurement at a time. I'd need two meters, one set to amps and one set to volts, and two boost converters to bring the 5V up to 9V. Plus, most meters max out at 10A. A device like this one. This can only do up to 20A (not 30A), and also doesn't appear to be able to do voltage and amperage simultaneously.  Many standalone devices like this or this or this come close but don't satisfy everything I need, most importantly the serial data communication. All of the above other than multimeters seem unable to measure all the way down to 0V by using external power. Everything I've found other than this one (it only measures up to 3A and has no RS232) is load-powered and thus once the load drops below a certain range, the measuring device cuts out. Since I would like to be able to use this sort of setup for many applications, being able to measure less than 10V or 6V or even 3V would be helpful.    I'm open to ideas of circuits to do this myself rather than a self-contained device. Since the current shunt involves a voltage difference between the before-load and after-load points, I could also do this with two voltmeters as long as they can accept up to 30V and as long as they have enough resolution.
I'm looking for an USB GSM (2/3/4G or at least 3/4G) modem with some "extended" capabilities addressable with AT commands. The major capabilities I'm looking for are:   report extended data about radio environment: most modems, even the low cost ones reply to commands like CREG or CSQ. However, the replies are often incomplete and reports are only about the serving cell. The objective is to report at least the lac/cid/rssi (but if possible other parameters) for all cells the modem sees in its neighborhood.  additional features like, for example,   reporting the time advance  GPS (of the modem)   would also be nice voice module enabled: this is not really an AT command feature. While on all models I tried AT commands allow to dial, to answer and to hangup, I've not seen any modem able to allow to connect on the voice channel and either send audio or get the audio from the other party.    I heard some Qualcomm and Huawei modems allow this kind of things, I actually tried some models but none complies with these requirements. Most of the time, this kind of equipment is only available for the operators and are expensive (I've seen some survey phones that cost ~5000USD). I'm wondering if there is something more affordable. Maybe some open source hardware ?
I would like to do some computation on my PC. Thereby I wonder - what is healthy load for CPU?  I mean at which maximum CPU load % my CPU would survive the longest. Or should I watch for other parameters, like temperature?
Background:  I am a android developer. In some phases of the development process I have to look how the layouts/app looks on different phones. Therefore you can attach all phones to a usb-hub and deploy the changes to all devices simulatinously.   Problem  The company I am working at bought me a (medium-"end") usb-hub that I can use to deploy my changes to all the phones - but most of the time the phones are all empty because they were just laying the in drawer for a while. Keeping them connected to the USB-Hub while the computer is not attached does not charge them sufficiently. The usb-hub is also not capable of charging 4 drained out phone simulatinously.  TL/DR - What I am looking for  I am looking for a Multiport (aprox. 8 port) charger that is capable of:   charging(!) the phones (plural!) while the computer is not conected is able to be used as a USB-Hub transfering data with a decent speed (at least usb 2.0) in the best case it also charges(!) the devices faster then the mac could while the mac is connected   So far I could only find either good Charger or good hubs. Not both.
Essentially I want to have a very simple docking solution for a laptop with a USB-C port, to provide power to the laptop and connect a monitor (with DisplayPort) and two input devices (with USB) to it.  What's the cheapest way to achieve this?  It's okay if the charger is separate from the mini-dock.  The only requirement is that only one cable has to be attached to the laptop.
I am trying to avoid the very expensive 10GBe approaches which would likely require me to get an expensive 10G switch to connect an iMac to my storage server.  I wonder if I could use an iMac (not Pro) to linux-server Thunderbolt 3 cable based connection in order to provide a very fast network access between these machines. Cable length is not an issue as I don't need more than 2-3m in total.  If this would work I should be able to get a bandwidth of up 40GBe which is far above my target of 10GBe.   Is this possible? Are any boards and linux drivers that can make this work? (making the iMac believe it has network adapter).
I would like to have a touchpad about the size of the one on typical laptop to put right below my bluetooth keyboard.  My bluetooth keyboard is compact and JIS(Japanese) and rather unique so I need something that fits ideally in that space.
My computer doesn't have bluetooth. Will it work out of the box? I'd much prefer a wired keyboard, but I've heard good things about the Microsoft Sculpt Ergonomic. Are there keyboards in the same price range that are wired and have the same ergonomic features?
I just bought a Xiaomi air 13.3 (2018). It comes with 2 M2 SSD bays, one is occupied by the stock M2 NVMe (that I replaced with a Samsung 970) and the other one is open.  I tried to put the old SSD in the empty slot, but it doesn't fit. I looked into it and I found that the second slot isn't an NVMe slot, but a mSATA or SATA i think. (I couldn't find the specification while googling).  Since I still have an empty SSD slot, I am looking for a drive between 500GB and 1TB to put into the laptop. The cheaper the drive is the better.
I have a 2-floor house, the router is located on the first floor. On the second floor, the reception is a bad in some rooms and better in others. I'm looking Amplifier/Router that can receive network cable and publish it as WIFI. And in the same device, I'm looking for a way to receive wifi and publish it better. I prefer Xiomi products.  Thanks
I have found a few old Kickstart projects, such as this, which consist of a case (not on-topic), containing a Real Time Clock and battery power for the Pi.  Some have a few extra features, such as a display, extra USB ports, or solar power panel, etc.  Does anyone know of anything with at least the capabilities of the referenced project? (or even where I can buy one of those)
Asus N552VX laptop comes with a hard disk. To make it faster I replaced the hard disk with Adata Ultimate SU800 SSD(SATA connection) and attached the mechanical hard disk replacing optical disk drive. Now the problem is normally laptop got faster, but OS(Windows 10) loads slowly than hard disk in ssd which is very unusual. There is no problem in the SSD itself, because I have tested this SSD in other laptop which works fine.Problem occur only with the above mentioned Asus laptop. N.B. this Asus laptop has M.2 port and this. Now I want to use a M.2 SSD with this but I'm fearing that will same problem be occurred with M.2 SSD. So please recommend a M.2 SSD which will be compatible with this laptop.  Config: Intel Core i5-6300HQ Motherboard Chipset: Intel HM170 (Skylake PCH-H) 2 sticks of DDR4 4GB RAM (SK Hynix) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950M Intel HD Graphics 530 TOSHIBA MQ01ABD100 1TB HDD  BIOS details: BIOS Vendor: American Megatrends Inc. BIOS Version: N552VX.207 BIOS Release Date: 02/04/2016 BIOS Start Segment: F000 BIOS Size: 6016 KBytes
I frequently find that I need to type up my thoughts at hand before I forget them, but I am not always in a spot where I can whip out my laptop.  It would be super convenience if I could just start typing on my bluetooth keyboard and have it record everything i type, and when I get back to my computer be able to download all my keystrokes and then edit what I typed.  My current BT keyboard takes several seconds before it will even recognize keystrokes, and then I have to make sure my phone is unlocked and the proper app is open and ready to accept input- I can't do it blind and it's not 100$% reliable. However, when I try to search for such a product, I find lots of results on key loggers and how to avoid them, and not relating to my particular need.
I am building a quadcopter and I am searching for a communication module for the raspberry pi, which can send big data over long range.  I need a module with a range of approximately 1 - 2 km range, a daterate of 1,500 - 4,000 KB / second (for video streaming) and RSSI support.  I know that this is possible, because the DJI Marvic Pro 2 drone is able to create a video stream in Full HD (1920 x 180 pixels) up to 8 km.  In the best case: The module creates a livestream of 1280 x 720 pixels.  Realistic: 480 x 852 pixels (in case of need, less) are also ok.  I think the best frequency is between 1.2Ghz and 5.8Ghz (This is also a license-free ISM band)  Here are some that I have looked at, but do not meet my requirements:  SI4432   RSSI: yes range: 1.5km rate: 256KB / s   RFM95 oder RFM98   range 2.5km RSSI: yes rate: 300KB / s   SX1276   range 5 km  RSSI: yes rate: 5KB / s   HC-12   range: 1.8km RSSI: no rate: 5000 KB / s   Thanks for your recommendations!
I'm building a laptop. Don't ask why I just am. Im looking for memory chips for my Intel® Core™ i5-8269U Processor. I am so confused. I don't know what lpddr3 chips to get for 16gb of ram. Im leaning towards micron or sk Hynix. Most laptop companies use (SKhynix H9CCNNNBJTAL) memory for these cpus. But it doesn't exist. What memory chips out there support a rate of 2133. None. So what should I do.Can you show me the chips I need.
Looking for a USB 2 hub that is  capable of drawing charger level current (i.e. 2+ amps) from the host and distributing it to connected devices support data compatible with Apple devices for both charging and data.    Thanks.
This is a simplified model of our network:  LAN1                                           LAN2 +-------------------------------+              +--------------------------+ |                               |              |                          | | +---+  eth  +----+   wl  +--+ |  +--------+  | +---+  eth  +----------+ | | |NAS+-------+RASP+-------+AP+----+INTERNET+----+DSL+-------+OPENWRT/AP| | | +---+       +----+       +--+ |  +--------+  | +---+       +----------+ | |                               |              |                          | +-------------------------------+              +--------------------------+   LAN1 and LAN2 are currently completely separated (no VPN, ssh, etc.), each running Syncthing within their realm. I would be very grateful, if you can give me recommendations for replacing the following units:   Raspberry Pi: Runs Syncthing and serves the NAS files to LAN1. It needs to be replaced with something more reliable. OpenWRT/AP: This is a blue Linksys with OpenWRT, an early model with not enough disk space. It is not running Syncthing.   Ideally, they should be replaced by 2 units of the same model.    Criteria  The criteria for the new units replacing the OpenWRT/AP and Raspberry Pi are:   Must: Reliable (max. 1h/week downtime, i.e. approx. 99% uptime) Must: Has Ethernet and WiFi Must: No SD card as storage Must: Able to run Syncthing Must: Able to run FreeBSD or OpenBSD Must: Costs max. 100 EUR/120 USD per device Optional: Max. horizontal size 14 x 11 cm, height variable     Researched Solutions   Ubiquiti airRouter: Has PoE, can be used as a client, but can't host Syncthing PC Engines Alix/APU boards: Good for BSD, but too expensive GL.iNet AR150: Good size, but runs OpenWRT Ubiquiti EdgeRouter Lite: Does not have WiFi
I want some printer recommendation for the below specifications   Color Laser Multifunction - Printer, Fax, Scan, Copy Separate Ink Toners Paper Size: I want 'A3'. But I searched a lot. Laser printers not apt with 'A3' Papers. So it should apt with A4, Letter, Legal, Envelopes, etc. Two Sided Printing  10 People shared Office Printer connected via Ethernet. Able to connect to Linux Machines. 15 to 25 ppm. Duplex Scan and Copy optional. Budget only before $1000. If A3 is not fit with $1000 printer, then Letter and Legal could be the max paper size.
I wish to set up a camera 500 meters from my house to send a live stream of a river over the internet. The camera and transmitter will have to be battery or solar powered and be able to transmit the video signal to my house where I have an internet connection.  Any recommendations are appreciated.
I need a USB 3.0 Express Card with 2 Ports and 34mm width that is compatible with Linux. Additional compatibility with Windows 10 would be great.  I already tried „CSL - USB 3.0 Super Speed PCMCIA Express Card Karte (34mm / 2 Port / Windows 7 + Windows 8 kompatibel) für Notebook Laptop | USB Hub intern“. But it has a „Renesas Technology Corp. uPD720202 USB 3.0 Host Controller (rev 02)“ Chip and the current Linux kernel doesn‘t support it. For more information please look here
I want to buy a computer where i can run more than 3 Hyper-V at a time. One choice I have is to buy some new core i7 it will cost me around US$800/1000  Usage of Hyper-V   Windows Server 2012 with ADFS services  Windows Server 2012 Sharepoint 2013/16  Windows Server 2012 MS SQL Server 2012  Windows Server 2012 ASP.Net Application (Optional) Windows 10 As workstation (could be 2)   But an alternate option is to buy used HP Z620 Workstation at same price US$800/1000 (not sure these are 2012/13 models)  It has two E5-2660 2.2GHz V1 processors installed (total 16 core) 64 GB ECC Ram  I'm at point where i could not understand which system can give better performance, I did not mention details about i7 as i will go for whatever standard PC is available as new workstation is out of budget.  Thanks.
I will soon own a laptop that I will need to use for work. I currently own a desktop which I use for my personal stuff, whose set-up I love (two monitors, my old mechanical keyboard, etc.).  I want to use that same set-up for work so that I don't need to work on a tiny screen with a tiny keyboard. However, it'd be painful to switch from my desktop to my laptop and back every day by disconnecting and reconnecting all the cables.  I want to know what hardware set-up I could use to achieve a way of easily transitioning my peripherals from one machine to the other.  The connections I would need to switch are:   2x BenQ GW2255 21.5-Inch LED Monitor (I am open to buying newer ones). 1x USB keyboard 1x USB mouse 1x ethernet connection   It has been suggested to me to connect the keyboard and mouse to the monitors if possible, so that only the monitors need to be switched somehow, I leave this here in case it's useful.
I don't know much about computers and hardware.  I'm searching for a laptop with the following characteristics: Operating System: Windows 10 (not Mac OS, not Linux) Budget: between 3300 euros and 5000 euros Weight: as light as possible, ideally no more than 2 kg Screen size: preferably 15.6" (could also accept 14" or 17") Long battery life Use: about 10 hours per day laying down on my bed, never using a mouse (always using the trackpad), playing chess, analysing chess games, watching Youtube videos, email, WhatsApp, reading articles on the internet Webcam centered at the top of the screen (not at the bottom of the screen) Preferably, audio at the right and left of the keyboard (not at the top of the keyboard, not under the laptop) Preferably, trackpad centered horizontally  I've found these three laptops that correspond to what I'm looking for but not exactly:  MSI WS63VR 7RL-053FR https://www.msi.com/Workstation/WS63VR-7RL.html Price: 4000 euros Weight: 1.8 kg Intel Core i7-7700HQ 32 Go SSD 256 Go + HDD 1 To 15.6" LED Ultra HD NVIDIA Quadro P4000 8 Go Wi-Fi AC Bluetooth Webcam Windows 10 Professionnal 64 bits But it says that this laptop is for "Professional 3D graphics" and "Virtual Reality (VR)", two things which I would never do. So is this a problem? Does this mean that with this laptop I would not be able to do the things I want to do (chess, Youtube, internet) on this computer?  HP ZBook Studio G3 Mobile Workstation https://store.hp.com/us/en/pdp/hp-zbook-studio-g3-mobile-workstation---customizable-m6v82av-mb Price: 4209 euros Weight: "2 kg" (imprecise?) 15.6" Xeon E3-1505MV5 32 Go RAM 512 Go SSD The first problem is that this laptop has a Power button (that switches the computer off if pressed) at the top left and a Wifi button (that switches the Wifi off if pressed) at the top right. Since I would be using this computer laying down on my bed, I would often accidentally press these buttons. And when I will be playing chess, turning off the Wifi (even for a few seconds) would likely mean losing the game without being able to finish it which is totally unacceptable... So would I be able to solve this problem? Would I be able to de-activate these two buttons so that when I press them (accidentally) they wouldn't do anything (the buttons would have no effect)? And the second potential problem is that the weight is not clear. On some websites it just says "2 kg" which is imprecise because it only has one significant digit, does it mean that the weight is imprecise to +/- 0.5 kg? (Generally other computers have two significant digits such as "2.0 kg" implying a precision of +/- 0.05 kg) And on other websites it's even worse, it says "Starting at 2 kg", implying that if I buy one it might weight more than 2 kg (which would not be acceptable)...  Microsoft Surface Book 2 https://www.microsoft.com/fr-fr/p/surface-book-2/8mcpzjjcc98c Price: 3660 euros Weight: 1.9 kg Intel Core i7-8650U 16 Go SSD 1 To 15" LED Tactile NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 6 Go Wi-Fi AC Bluetooth Webcam Windows 10 Professionnal 64 bits This one is weird to me as I've never used anything like it. Its screen can be separated from its keyboard+trackpad part. And it has a touch-screen. I'm afraid to buy this one as there is the risk that I end up not liking it... (though of course it's also possible that I end up loving it even more than normal laptops)  I haven't found any other laptop that corresponds to what I'm looking for, they are all either too heavy (more than 2 kg) or too cheap (less than 3400 euros). So if you know of any other laptop that corresponds to what I'm looking for, please tell me.
I need to buy a new phone and all the phones I may like don't have a 3.5mm jack for my headset, that I want to keep using. For that end I would need a bluetooth adater that I can connect my headset to and the adapter would connect to my phone via Bluetooth.  That adapter would have to receive audio from my phone and send mic and command signals simultaneously. Does anybody know about such a device? The best i could find was a device with its own command buttons and its own builtin mic. But I want to use the buttons on my headset and the mic on my headset. There is a bunch of Bluetooth adapters available but they can only send or receive audio. I need a device that lets me use my old headset as if it was a Bluetooth headset. Is there such a device?
Recommended computer for PUBG (budget $900)； I hope the price performance is high. Thank you very much for your advice.
I need to have an outdoor CPE with external omnidirectional antenna. The CPE should act as bridge mode so that it can connect to a router providing internet and then 30-40 devices can connect to it within an area of 300 square meter(it is a garden with no obstacles like trees etc).  What would be the recommended setup? which CPE should I go for? TP-Link or Ubiquiti? I'm open to using more than one CPEs too.
I am in the market for a Chromebook. This will be a second machine, like a Kindle Fire with a keyboard. I'm not imagining any kind of power use at all, just streaming, reading, word processing, surfing, and monitoring of videos and photos as I shoot them. But that's not to say that I couldn't discover that I like using it for other things too.  Almost all of the Chromebooks on Amazon have 4GB RAM, but some have as much as 16GB.  Comparing my options on Amazon, I think my priorities are (in order):   Touchscreen Price Reviews (reliability) Larger screen (14" is good, 15.6" is better) Camera quality Processing speed and power   Am I likely to actually experience significantly better performance with more RAM?  For comparison, here are two Chromebooks with dramatically different sticker prices (obviously for more reasons than just RAM):  Pixlebook with 16GB RAM  Acer with 4GB RAM
I'm trying to build a device made up of several other devices all connected using USB A cables. The amount of room on the cables taken up by the "human sized" ends requires a larger enclosure than I want to use. Other than purchasing raw USB connectors and soldering them myself, where can I purchase cables with minimal ends?  I've tried the google approach, Mouser, etc.
I'm looking for a Direct Attached Storage solution that can accept a minimum of 12x SATA 2.5in HDDs and can connect to the host raid controller's sff-8088 port. I'm not looking for actual listings or compatibility from here, I just need a model that I can look for myself. If you happen to know for some crazy reason that it is compatible with an IBM x3650 please do come forwards, but don't go looking for that stuff. I'll be back if I find one myself.  Thanks for your time.
I am planning to buy a new laptop and considering Lenovo Y-series and have a bugget of €1000 at most but preferably should cost around €900.  On this website (link below) two options drew my attention and I am not sure which one to choose.  Option 1: €899 i5 8300H, GTX 1050 Ti 4GB Option 2: €989 i7 8750H, GTX 1050 4GB  Both have 8GB rams which I may upgrade later and 128 GB SSDs.  I play some games but usually follow the trend way late and am long time used to playing on low graphics and with low fps but sort of want to change that if possible. However, I don't know how much longer I will keep playing video games. I will also be dealing with Machine Learning a lot, so if my hardware will make a considerable difference, then ML is a much more important factor. I am also aiming for a long time use with the new laptop, which makes me think better CPU is more viable since I can just turn down graphics over time but ML makes this really tricky as it also uses GPU.  Which one would you suggest?  I also appreciate and consider other suggestions but my research showed Lenovo Y-series is the best for this price range. I can't go above €1000 and prefer ~€900 unless that would mean missing out on something far better with a little price difference (possibly like with the options I provided above).  Thank you in advance.  https://www.lenovo.com/de/de/laptops/legion-laptops/legion-y-series/c/legion-laptops-series?q=%3Aprice-asc%3AfacetSys-Price%3A801-1200%3AfacetSys-Price%3A1201%2B&uq=&text=
My laptop is :   Acer-Aspire-ES1-512 2GB DDR3 RAM, expandable upto 8GB, 1DIMM, 1slot. 2x Intel Celeron N2840 @2.16GHz want to run Ubuntu18.04 64bit   I want to upgrade my RAM, upto 4GB. What RAM will be compatible? Specifically will this be good and compatible?
I have a set of bluetooth earbuds and I have been using them with my MacBook running High Sierra.  I use them for Slack calls and the quality basically sounds like I'm talking on my phone.  I understand Apple's official advice is to switch to the internal microphone, but that defeats the purpose.  I was wondering if there was a specific wireless headset that will give me the same quality as a pair of dumb wired earbuds.  I want to add that I did a decent amount of investigation on my own.  I understand The driver macOS uses is SBC when playing just audio and SCO when using the Handsfree profile.  I've even been able to enable AAC when playing audio, but none of this has helped me.  I've basically just accepted the fact that the Bluetooth driver that macOS uses for the Handsfree profile is terrible quality and there is nothing I can do about it.  I just want to know if there is a wireless headset that will give me the same quality as wired earbuds.
I'm not sure if this is the right site to be posting this question, however out of them all from what I could see, this was the one that stuck out most.I'm a self learner, and am currently learning (well trying too) about TCP packets with payloads.I did some research and from what I have learnt, security cameras, smart tv's and well any hardware really that can be connected to, can have packets sent to them that can perform certain tasks, eg a certain packet with the correct header and payload can turn a tv off, change the channel and so on. My question is, is there a certain device eg camera, tv and so on, that I can buy that can help me learn more about this topic, if someone could lead the way and point me in the direction of a device that has such a thing and even with documentation of the tcp diagram, that would help me out a lot, I'm using C#If this is the wrong site to be posting this question, please let me know so I can go to the correct StackExchange site, Thank you
I'm a heavy laptop users, who takes her laptop everywhere everyday. That means, loads of little bumps, some drops of a drink are not avoidable. Children could lay their little dirty fingers on it or drop it, but mostly they are well-behaved.  I don't think I'll need to go so far as to buying a ruggerized laptop. I don't work in a mine or something like that.  My present computer is an Asus B-Series, and I am happy with it lasting for 7+ years.   I was thinking about something like Lenovo Thinkpad T-series or another Asus, but I'm want to contemplate all options.  Is this MIL-SPECS of Lenovo a reliable measure of sturdiness? If yes, what other laptops meet it?  In summary, I need resilient, battery 8+ hours, and a good keyboard, 14'' screen. Since I will last, it could be above $1,000. I also would like it to last more than 5+ years. Maybe I'll be exchanging the battery every couple of years. Performance is not a big issue. No need for multimedia, fancy games.  No Macs, don't care about thin, pretty, lots of colors.
I am a software developer, who's Core I7 laptop suddenly died, and I urgently need a replacement.   screen, at least 17" (I like to view code & documentation side by side) Core i7, or better (despite the following, I do need a reasonable response speed) I do not need fancy graphics; I don't do image manipulation or on-line gaming minimum 16gB RAM, but I would love 32gB if it didn't add too much $$$ I don't care about battery life, as it is tethered 99% of the time low spec on hard drive is fine, as I can provide my own 2tB drive & 1tB SSD from the one that just died unless the main HD is > 2gB slight presence for UK keyboard, although I am equally at home with German and US keyboards (in the worst case, I can replace and/or stick on new keycaps (I have done this before :-))   The main criterion is price (I am currently on contract in the UK, although that might change again soon). I can wait a few days for shipping, but the laptop is my breadwinner, actual "shipping by ship", just to save a few bucks, is out of the question.  Alternatively
I need to add a RS232(Serial Port) connection to my pc, and unfortunately I'm unable to use RS232 to USB adapter, only direct RS232 connection, I have seen this item: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/MYLB-DB9-RS232-to-10-pin-Ribbon-Cable-Connector-Adapter/32735919280.html? and that seems nice, but I have no idea how to connect something like that, I'm pretty sure that it shouldn't be connected through the PSU, as I don't recall seeing anything similar from a PSU, so I assume you need to connect it directly to the motherboard somehow, which I believe is correct, but still, I don't know how to connect it to the motherboard, and if I even can, here are pictures of my motherboard:     My motherboard is MSI B75MA-E33, so Im not even sure its the correct place to ask, but hopefully someone can help me here, thanks! :)
I'm looking for an induction hotplate that I can control via my own software.    An RS232 port or something similar would be fine, but I don't mind if it's not RS232. As long as I can write a program to control it. I'd like to be able to switch it on and off (at a certain temperature) using a program.  If I can't get that, I guess I might be able to have a power switch that can be toggled via a program and the induction hotplate will come on at the correct temperature without any human intervention.
I'm looking for a graphics card that minimizes the amount of time taken to upload 4k video frames from Opencv to the GPU.  OpenCV uses opencl behind the scenes to do GPU related calculations but I've found that the upload/download time to the GPU is the biggest bottleneck.  How do I go about evaluating GPUs and what specs should I be looking at on the graphics card to see if it has the attributes I'm looking for (uploading to graphics card quickly with 4k frames)?  Edit:  Ideally I'd like the machine to cost <= 500 dollars in total, including the GPU (I am open to building a completely new machine for this).  Edit 2:  In short, the gist is to build something optimized as much as possible for OpenCV (with OpenCL) and video processing high res (4k) in general
I have a Gaming PC and a newer Macbook. I want to connect these two to a monitor (displayport, 2k 144hz), keyboard/mouse (2 USB 2.0), and headset (speaker/mic).   So, I am looking for a KVM (or similar) switch that:  Outputs:   Displayport (2k, 144hz) 2x USB 2.0 Audio (speaker/mic)   Inputs:   Group 1 (Macbook):   Thunderbolt 3  Group 2 (PC):   Displayport USB (2x?) Audio (speaker/mic)    Does such a device exist?
I am running Lubuntu host and virtual box Wins 8.1 guest together, and looking at the current RAM on my machine the output is this:    Even though there is a slight degradation in performance in the overall computer setup, would buying another 8GB of ram improve the performance of my machine significantly? The screenshot I've put up is just my laptop idling. I won't be playing games, and more about using MS powerpoint in the VB.  Sys info:  Thinkpad E460 Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-6200U CPU @ 2.30GHz
I'm planning on buying a new laptop for some productivity and maybe a bit of gaming too.  These are the main specs/price I want to get:   Processor: Intel i7  Disk: 256GB SSD + 1TB HDD or 512GB SSD Ram: 16GB Graphic Card: something similar to the nVidia GeForce GTX1050 4Gb   Screen: could be 14 inches or 15 inches Price: maximum 1500 EUR   The only option I could found was the model:  ASUS Vivobook Pro 15 N580   Is there any similar options, even for other brands?
The Asus ROG RGB LED strips are fairly expensive, are these strips replaceable with a different RGB LED strip such as this one? If not, what am I looking for in a less expensive replacement? I see that my second option is not magnetic, but I assume I can find a magnetic strip to attach it with? They are the same price but the asus strip is 2ft for $30 compared to the other one at 16ft for $30 (and apparently I can cut it anywhere in the strip).   Concerns   They draw a different amount of power Brightness difference Not compatible with asus aura sync software   Motherboard manual  Feel free to edit this with better tags.
I have an Asus ROG Strix Z370E-gaming motherboard with the Addressable RGB 4-1 header:    and I want to connect this LED strip to it, but the LED strip claims to have a 3pin JST-SM connector:    I can't seem to find an adapter between the two.
The current price of i7-3770k in my place is (7000PHP) ~ 130USD while i5-3570k is only (3500PHP) ~ 65USD.   Is the extra 4 threads really to pay for a double price? I mean it is not a real core right? They are both quad-core processor but the i7 has 4 more threads than i5.
Currently im using PowerBI, R, and Talend (for ETL) in 2 main computer : a Dell Latitude E7450 with i7 u series and 16gb ddr3, and a remote server running E5-2620V4 with 128gb ddr3 and 7200rpm hdd on raid 1.  The job type for each of the software are : PowerBI (Part Serial and Part Parallel), R (Heavily parallel) and Talend (Serial - im only using the community edition)  Currently im struggling to do analytics on these engine. for example, a simple Distance function running parallel on 28 logical core of the CPU (run within VM, with remaining 4 core for VM controller and SQL Server) took several hours for ~50 mio data. This time is only for the dist function, since i'm well aware the SQL query took some time to run due to hdd spec. I'm expecting this function to run within 30 minutes, since i need to scale it.  I have USD 20k budget, and currently im divided into two plan. Main limitation, no desktop/tower allowed in my cubicle, so whatever i'm buying will be in server room. Tower/Rack both are fine.  Plan 1 is to go all the budget for the remote workstation, and got something to remote it.   I'm talking about dual Xeon 6144 or 6146, 256 gb ddr4, PCIE nvme for boot and baremetal OS, another PCIE nvme for VM boot and program, and RAID 10 (still confused whether go with enterprise SSD or SAS 15k hdd) for SQL and working file for the VM (the nvme only hold vhd containing softwares, etc). Oh, and Quadro P2000, since i have plan for exploring CUDA for R in 2019.  Currently im leaning to samsung tab s4 for remote, due to long battery life of this device and built in LTE.  Second plan is to have something adequate for both remoting and doing some basic job, and put remaining budget in remote workstation. Definitely no u series or Y series intel i, no bulky desktop replacement notebooks, and still have decent battery life. Among those im considering are Surface Book 2 (i7), macbook pro (confused whether i7 or i9). For server, will need to let go those RAID 10 ssd for RAID 10 hdd, and only 1 NVME SSD. Probably switching out dual 6144/6146 with single xeon processor with more core albeit letting go higher ghz (the idea is to do express crunching on the notebook, and deploy final one in remote workstation)  Need input about the combination for the thing i will buy  Thank you
I'm using Tecknet 16750mAh power banks to provide power to Raspberry Pis. I'm really happy with them. Power is provided uninterrupted when the bank is being charged, when the bank charging power goes down and when it comes back. Not all banks do that: I have tested some other banks where there was a  interruption when the power charging the bank  was coming back. And there are banks that just disconnect their load. Each USB is able to deliver 2,4A (3.4A max on both) so the RPi runs smoothly and is protected against grid outages, even the long ones (several hours). One of my RPis has 2y+ uptime.  Unfortunately, since some months all Tecknet banks are out of stock.  I'm looking for alternatives with the following requirements   Capacity >12000mAh One USB port is OK Charging power provided when the bank is being charged, when the bank charging power is down and when it comes back.   Thanks in advance
That's all.   For those who don't know, they get larger capacity by adding more platters to the drive. That makes it physically taller than normal, and most laptops won't accommodate such a drive.  I don't care at all about graphics. I prefer 16gB RAM, but can add that myself. I don't particalarly care abour processor, although Core i5 (or above) or AMD equavalent would be nice.  Just screen size & the cance to whack in a big, in both senses, harddrive.  UK based, or cheap postage thereto a bonus. Lower price is, of course, welcome.
I would like to buy a new laptop now.  Privacy and security is my priority.   I would like to know if there is already proven backdoors and vulnerabilities of top brands and manufacturers of laptops, cpu processors, memory etc. For example at other my question here (https://superuser.com/questions/1358405/vulnerabilities-of-it-system-due-to-hardware) someone told me that Lenovo and HP have preinstalled some vulnerabilities in their hardware.   So I would omit hardware of manufacturers who already got caught red handed for backdoors as well as omit hardware which is very sensitive in case of malicious software running around internet. In other words I need hardware which is safe from abuse of manufacturer as well as safe against viruses of 3rd party.   Probably there is no such an ideal hardware but please let know which brands to omit surely and which one are known to be safe and respecting privacy.  Are Dell or Asus trustable ?
What are cheap (<200 USD) and privacy oriented cell phones ?  I am looking for the phones just for calling and sms messaging. I consider phones with and without operating system, or I can buy one of both types. But I do not accept situation when my OS is linked to Google like classic Android does. Is there Android version that is not preinstalled with Google services ? What are the alternatives for Android ? Can I buy any cell phone and reinstall choosen OS ?  I have heard that Nokia 3310 is good way but it is easily to break with fake BTS attack.  Then, any smartphone have operating systems that make possible to attack our device with many new ways. I learned about BlackBerry which one was privacy oriented. But probably already working with United States duties. And recently produce cell phones with preinstalled Google version of Android... Blackphone is too expensive...  I think to buy an old Nokia 3310 for some special situations and one cheap and safe smartphone with some safe OS for everyday use. What do you think ? Should I buy Nokia 3310 from some people (used) who have got it 15 years ago or can I buy one brand new (old version of 3310 but not used one) from aliexpress (from Chinese) ? They sell brand new Nokia 3310 (and it is not a new version of Nokia 3310 which is widely being sell).
So. I have yet another question that requires some advice.  I've been tasked by my uncle to find a laptop for my cousin sister's senior college years. She has decided to go into IT Software Engineering. I have also been given a budget to spend around $500.   I have looked at Core i5 and Core i7 Laptops primarily, but either these laptops are too outdated, or just don't meet my minimum requirements model. She will coding in what I assume will be Java, or at the very least Delphi, so the CPU is a game changer here. I have considered Atom, but the specs of the CPU set is putting me off the whole Atom lineup.  I want the laptop to have the following specifications -->   Any form of Quad Core CPU clocked at over 2.7GHz. Not too worried about whether the CPU is Intel or AMD. CPU must have integrated graphics Have at least 4GB RAM. Not too worried if it is DDR3 or DDR4. Some form of SSD Storage, preferably paired with an HDD of some kind If possible, which I doubt, some form of dedicated GPU, whether it be AMD or Nvidia. A stretch, but preferred if possible. Can ship internationally   As for the games she wants to play in her downtime, she wants to play games like Minecraft and maybe CS:GO  Thanks for viewing
I need a keyboard which has an extra key in the area of the left thumb. I need this extra key to bind it to the mouse left button, because I use graphic tablet a lot and it's next to impossible to work normally without a mouse click functionality. Currently I use Autohotkey and bind the LWin key to emulate the mouse click, but it is inconvenient  because the LWin key is in the 'dead' zone and I need to make extra movements all the time so it is quite painful.  So I need a keyboard which has some extra key in the thumb area i.e. where the space bar normally is. The problem though - none of the standard  keyboards have them (they only have a huge spacebar as everybody knows).    I've spent a lot of time googling and I have found something that looks promising:        source: http://mc.pp.se/dc/kbd.html  It's a Japanese keyboard. This seems exactly what I am looking for, because there are extra buttons on the bottom row. All Japanese have them so I could buy one, BUT: the problem is, I am not sure how this extra key (left to the spacebar) will act normally if I use Windows  and e.g. standard US layout? Will it be possible to make use of it by binding it to the mouse click with Autohotkey? Or maybe there are some Japanese keyboards produced for EU/US market with those keys as a bonus (would be ideal)?  Also I have found another possible solution: ThinkPad Lenovo keyboard with trackpoint:     But I don't like it because it's not full-size, and I don't really need  the trackpoint.  One option which looks promising as well is MS Natural Ergonomic 4000:       because of two extra buttons below the spacebar. Again Not sure if they can be used to emulate mouse click.  So ideally I want something like the Japanese keyboard, but only if I can really make use of those keys  in the bottom row.  Questions:     Can I make use of that extra keys on Japanese keyboards, e.g. rebind with Autohotkey to other keys (mouse click)? Can I bind the MS Natural 4000 extra keys (below the spacebar 'prev' button) to the mouse click? Keyboards with split spacebar (2-piece spacebar) - can the left piece be bound to other key by any chance? Do you know of any analog or similar keyboards, i.e. with extra keys on the bottom row that can be used in such way?    Ideally the keyboard should be easily available and not very expensive. Obviously there is something  like ErgoDox, but I am not ready for this investment of money and time yet.
I'm getting ready to build a new video editing workstation. I've decided to use an AMD Threadripper and add a GeForce 1070 GPU, with the idea of adding potentially a second one in the future, when budget allows. I'm also adding 2 SSDs and 2 mechanical HDs in a RAID configuration.  Now, my problem is that I have never built a liquid cooling rig, but I'm a bit worried about all the heat that the above listed components will produce (specially the part about 2 GPUs in the future).  As I am not planning on overclocking this system, it doesn't need to be water cooled, but I do have concerns that conventional air cooling will not be enough to prevent the system from thermal throttling. I don't really have much time to spend tinkering right now and I need the new computer ASAP, so I'd like some recommendations.  I would like to keep the cost of the cooling solution below $350.   If liquid cooling, it would need to cool the CPU and GPU(s) with one reservoir and pump.
I'm thinking about the HW for my new Linux developer computer. The only unclear part is the graphic card as I need it   to support three monitors, each having   2560 x 1600 pixels and only DualLink DVI connectors  be low profile   As noted in a comment, the CPU supports three monitors. However, I want a small computer and this requires a small main board and no such main board has three video connectors.  It should run smoothly for working and occasionally watching video, no gaming.  Probably related details:   CPU Intel Core i7-7700K Ubuntu 18.04   Currently considered graphic cards:   Sapphire R5 230 2GB DDR3 (low end AMD, preferred because of bad nVidia Linux compatibility) MSI GeForce GT 1030 2G LP OC, 2GB GDDR5 (assuming it can be used together with the on board graphic) PALiT GeForce GT 1030, 2GB GDDR5
I have been searching for a 65" - 75" 4K touchscreen that is less than 2" thick for over a year now, no exaggeration.   This is needed to replace existing production boards where the wall cannot be modified (cannot be inset into the wall).  After giving up hope on an integrated solution late last year, I've implemented what was needed using a 65" 4K monitor and a touch overlay giving me a grand total depth of 1.5".   The overlays have worked well enough for me to implement 4 of them using the same hardware spec on all instances. However, they are not quite as smooth as an integrated touchscreen. Hence, my endless search.  For reference, I am using a 65" Samsung Q9F with a G6 PQlabs overlay. Possibly there is a more responsive overlay, but I do not think it would beat an integrated solution.  Over the months I've periodically Google searched this, with hopes that someone has newly released one but I have not found a single item on the market as of yet. With this new site I really hope someone knew of something I'm missing.  It seems with the huge whiteboard market and 4K being around a few years now, someone would have made something that people like me can use to just hang on the wall and not have it stick out 3 - 4 inches. Any tips?
Okay, we found an extra HP NC522SFP Dual Port 10GbE Gigabit Server Adapter (468332-B21) at a site and I got it put into an HP Proliant server and it sees it, loaded drivers, etc.   I read over the QuickSpecs and according to this, it seems you have to use either an SFP DAC cable or get a fiber optics SFP GBIC module and I cannot find anything about any copper SFP GBIC modules to use for a transceiver.  Question: Does anyone have any recommendations on any verified and confirmed compatible GBIC adapters that work with this card that is copper and either 1 GbE or 10 GbE that gives just an Ethernet port to plug in an Ethernet cable?  Recap Clarification      Something like this is desired           Would like to avoid these                  Additional Detail   It's for an older HP Proliant DL380 G7 with over 100 GB of RAM. The OS is Windows Server 2012 R2 Datacenter and Device Manager already recognizes the card with drivers, etc. loaded. There is no switch at this site that will use a DAC cable on the other end There is no switch at this site that can connect fiber optic. This site has one managed and one unmanaged 1 GbE Ethernet switches but neither of those have any GBIC type connection.
I am seeking recommendations for a field monitor, with screen size around 7 inches   which can be used live with the Sony DSC HX60 camera on a tripod, while connecting to the camera's HDMI out port, and which can be viewed from in front of the camera.   (Note: I have read the advice regarding what kinds of question are acceptable here, including this meta question. My conclusion was that this question is all right, given the advice in @Undo's accepted and second most-favoured answer which defines "hardware" as "any primarily electronic item that can perform more than one task, designed to interface with, connect to, or be, a primary computing platform in day-to-day operation", and a "primary computer system" as "any primarily electronic item that can perform meaningful tasks on its own with minimal external support, and designed to be operated by a user, consumer or professional"; and given his reference to a microphone as a device that can perform more than one task. A digital camera meets the criteria for being a "primary computer system", and if a microphone can perform more than one task then so can a field monitor. On top of this, the question also meets the requirements suggested in @Cfinley's most-favoured but not accepted answer, in which he expresses the view that things are on-topic that are specifically designed to be used with hardware - a term he doesn't define, but which according to @ArtOfCode's accepted answer to this question should be taken to include digital cameras.)
I am in the process of looking for a new computer (most likely a tower) and wanted to hit up this subreddit since people seem pretty legit here and a lot of good advice has been shared.  Personally, I'm looking for something with decent enough specs to do dev work and other data science related projects. Thinking this will land in the realm of:  1) 16/32 GB of RAM  2) 4 cores, 2 threads  3) Anything from 3.0Ghz and above  4) And definitely an SSD of at least 512 GB for storage. I would like the ability to run any VM if desired  5) Would be willing to shell out $500, but I'm a frugal person by nature, so if there are some dope deals out there, I wouldn't be opposed.  I am pretty hardware naive (something that I am working on ;) ), and the past few days of searching has revealed to me that I know next to nothing about anything haha. If anyone has any suggestions, I would be more than interested. Also, any hardware related books, because if I'm working in software, I should at least have a better understanding of my machine.  All responses and help is much appreciated!
I know (current) ATX PSU will turn off its power after the PC shutdown. This is good. I know (old) AT PSU will leave its connectors with power on even after the PC shutdown.   Ref: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Molex_connector#Motherboard   I also know that to bridge the Green and Black wires will start up a PSU.   Ref: https://makezine.com/projects/computer-power-supply-to-bench-power-supply-adapter/  But i want none of above. I wish to get a modern ATX PSU (which means power will be off after PC shutdown), only with one / some molex connectors always-on (power stays on after the PC shutdown).   I would prefer buying a good PSU with this feature. If PSU with such feature does not exist, i would consider altering current PSU to my requirement. Please give me some directions to proceed. (Alter PSU? Alter motherboard? etc.) Using two PSU can achieve this. But this is not preferred.   Not important: Why i want this feature?  It is because I want to keep my liquid cooling loop, as well as some LED lights, on as a showcase, even after my PC shutdown.
I just cracked open my laptop to find out exactly what RAM is currently installed.    It appears to be this part.  I'm just wondering - can I buy any 8GB stick of DDR4-2400Mhz 260pin Sodimm RAM? I'm looking at buying one of the following  Does it need to be the same manufacturer (in this case Lenovo?) as the current memory installed? Would I be better off buying x2 8GB from the same 3rd party manufacturer or can I mix the 8GB stock with a 3rd party part?   Bonus Question  If there are four ram slots, should they be installed in corresponding odd / even slots? E.g 1,3 or 2,4?  Edit  My laptop is a Lenovo Legion Y520.   CPU Z screenshot (interesting that the stick reports as a Samsung but the part number is apparently a Lenovo):
I need a cisco enterprise router recommendation. I am currently using a Cisco 2821 Gigabit Router single WAN router. Ultimately, the new Router will become my primary router while the old Cisco 2821 will become a backup router.   Main Criteria   I am serving a web service and an E-mail server as well. 100-200 users could be use my web service.  I want the router to be a Gigabit Router. Right now my fiber connection bandwidth is 100 Mbps. I may upgrade the connection to 200 Mbps. The router should work with 100 Mbps ISL connection.  The router should support Dual WAN connections and Load Balancing. Is an enterprise router meaning it should have Firewall, Instruction     Prevention, and SSL VPN. It should be capable of simultaneously handling multi-user connections.
I recently bought an adapter which allowed me to install a Samsung SSD in my Early 2013 Macbook 15 Pro with SATA.   However, now I have a spare 512 GB Apple SSD with it‘s proprietary interface. I‘d like to install it to an Intel NUC with some kind of „Apple 2012 Sata Ssd“ to m.2 adapter cable.   I couldn‘t find one. But I‘m probably not the first who wants to do this. Do you know an adapter and can recommend me one?
I setup a clean install of Linux Mint 19 Cinnamon on a 2007 Sony Vaio laptop with Core2Duo processor and 2 GB of memory.  It has the original 160 GB HDD. I set the computer up for my parents and it works fine, but occasionally, it seems to lag a bit.  The most demanding task that my parents will throw at it would be watching a Youtube Video at 1078 x 768 or whatever the resolution laptops of that era used.  99% of the time it will only be used for web surfing.  Would installing a modern SSD remove the lag or is my bottleneck somewhere else?  I'm thinking the processor should be sufficient and the minimum requirement is 1 GB of memory, 2 GB recommended.  If it's just an SSD, I can order a small one, I just don't want to put more than about $50 into it since it's such an old laptop.
I have had two smart phones in the last 8 years:  the first I kept for 5 years, and my current phone I have had for 3 years.   I don't mind keeping the same phone for a long time, but it seems like no matter how much research I have done I always wind up with a phone that won't last as long as I want it to.    My first phone developed issues with the micro USB plug, apparently it was a design flaw whereby over time the connection became intermittent, making it difficult to keep the phone properly charged.  My current phone has known issues with the battery.  I suppose I can always replace the battery every year or two at 50-100 bucks a pop, but unlike my first phone the battery is not user replaceable and this is somewhat of a pain as well as more expensive than if it was user replaceable.  What specific makes and models should I consider if I want to use the same phone for at least ten years?  Assume that I don't care about OS updates, Android is preferred, and that I'm willing to buy a (possibly used) phone already a year or two old so as to have a better idea of its track record (no design flaws that shake out in the first year or two) as well as save some money versus a new product.  Exact feature set is not terribly important as long as it's towards the high end of the smart phone range as of the time of its offering.  In general they all seems pretty similar to me and the main thing I am concerned about, long term reliability, isn't easy to come by and certainly isn't a listed feature or necessarily even a design concern given the propensity of many people to buy a phone every two years to keep up with the latest incremental features.  Update: From the comments, it seems like the most likely candidate will have wireless charging (to avoid premature USB failure from plugging and unplugging it a lot) and a removable battery (which makes a lot of sense not only from easy of replacing the battery when it fails, but also being able to carry along extra batteries to extend life.)  However, looking at 2018 phones there appears to be no intersection of the two, as the former is a high end feature and high end phones apparently eschew a removable battery in favor of being somewhat waterproof, a feature which is very low on my priority list (getting a bit of sweat on it in my pocket is about as wet as my phone will ever get.)
Is ADATA XPG SX6000 PCIe 512GB PCIe Gen3x2 M.2 2280 NVMe SSD compatible with Alienware 17 R3? According to the specification, Alienware 17 R3 supports PCIe Gen3x4 but this SSD is of PCIe Gen3x2. Is PCIe Gen3x2 is compatible on Gen3x4 slot. Kindly throw some light on it. Advance thanks!!
I would like to essentially watch my television network on my computer.    Basically the television network box outputs HDMI/VGA.  I would prefer this to be cheap as possible but don't mind spending some money.  I am currently running W10 but have linux and MacOS boxes also.  Essentially I want a hdmi/vga to USB converter.  Example https://www.amazon.com/dp/B017NL8OQK/?coliid=I2H8TJTF6FSJ3A&colid=XO7UDK2DFTFK&psc=0&ref_=lv_ov_lig_dp_it  Ideally I want one somebody has used.
I am searching for an alternative to the popular Sonoff Basic WiFi switch, which satisfies the following requirements:   Low voltage: 5V or 12V DC (input and output) Standardized protocol: WiFi, Bluetooth or Z-Wave preferred CE certification
I've scoured the internet and understand the following for cctv installation at home.  1. IP Camera(s) (Bullet or Dome) 2. POE Switch to power the IP Camera(s)   Now I'm undecided on the following  Manufactures recommend using NVR (Network Video Recorder) to see and record the network feed.  My question is the following  If I connect the POE switch to my windows 10 machine and use a security software like blue iris does it not replace the NVR?  P.S I need a monitor, mouse, HDD in both cases. Using POE switch I save on electrical wiring too.  Please help understand.
I noticed that the Lenovo Yoga tablet doesn't need a tablet cover in order to sit inclined for watching videos. It has a movable plaque on the back/edge for that.  Is there any other Android tablet model featuring something like that?   I noticed that the children don't like to carry a tablet cover (and probably not even a separate kickstand) and they prefer to use the tablet without it, even at the cost of not being able to put the table in an inclined position.  What's the correct word for that plaque, by the way? The tablet covers also have something similar on the back, you open it and then the tablet can sit inclined.
I do not want to choose any of NVIDIA's consumer-grade GPUs as they are mainly gaming oriented and the price I'd be paying wouldn't be justified as I won't be using any game-play oriented features like Ray Tracing. And also, the previous generation GPUs prices have gone up despite the launch of new 20XX series making the 10XX, not a good buy.  AMD's consumer-grade GPUs aren't still powerful enough as NVIDIA's and their professional ones are too costly.  Recently, Habana Labs announced their ML oriented chipset but its samples ship Q2 of 2019.  So, are there any Good consumer grade ASICs for ML?  P.S: I don't mind library support
I need an "ergonomic" tablet stand for my Panasonic FZ-G1 Windows 10 Pro tablet: 10.1" screen. It's a rugged tablet and is quiet heavy and about 1 inch thick.  I already have a GoldTouch GO2 USB keyboard: https://www.bakkerelkhuizen.co.uk/ergonomic-keyboards/goldtouch-travel-go2/   I've searched and searched online and found many naff/lame looking products:   cushions to rest the tablet on - naff "breakfast-in-bed" style trays with bendy legs - yuck! solutions with built-in keyboards (grrr! - so I can't use my own keyboard?! I just need an empty tray!)   But I did then find something nearer to my needs - the following tablet but the dimensions indicate that it is not wide enough for the GoldTouch keyboard: https://www.bakkerelkhuizen.co.uk/tablet-stands/tabletriser/  So I'm looking for something wider that the Goldtouch keyboard can fit in  Frustrating to note that seller website mentioned sells both items so the hope would be that versions of them that can work together exist so as to provide a joined-up solution. I have contacted them already and await feedback but I thought I would ask here.  (I don't work for them or have any affiliation with them).  I would also like to use the tablet with keyboard on my lap like a laptop.  Can you advise on all of the above points, please?
I would like something like this keyboard except where the quality is assured to work for a long while:http://a.co/d/i1uzVA1    Requirements:  *Needs to be slim (like Surface/Mac desktop keyboard) *Needs to be backlit and allow for white color light *Needs to be wireless (i.e. contains USB dongle) *Manufacturing reliability must be verified and must have reputation for quality products *Needs to be full desktop keyboard (i.e. contains numpad section) *Keyboard must be for English-native speakers/typists *Space bar must be big enough to stretch from the 'X' key to the '.' key    Preferred but not required:  *Color variation for keyboard itself *Individual keys spaced out symmetrically and big enough *Keyboard is not mechanical    Irrelevant:  *Price *Battery-type (e.g. AA, AAA) *Warranty *Product dimensions *Function keys    I've looked on Amazon and Newegg. I haven't had much luck with the type of keyboard I'm looking for. The only keyboard that has come close is the one I've linked to above. I was going to invest in it until I read the reviews for it. It appears that the quality control for it are sub-standard and so I would like an identical keyboard but from someone who I can trust to make a decent keyboard.  TIA
My phone does this neat trick where I can plug it into a USB-C hub and it'll let me use an external monitor, keyboard, and mouse. This has inspired me and I think I would love a way to take advantage of this portably, maybe to hang out in more places and do light work or gaming.  I would love a small monitor, maybe 10-15 inches, which is gets video (and power would be nice) through USB-C, and which also has some USB-A ports on the back for a keyboard and mouse. Does such a thing exist yet?
I was searching the web for days now and just couldn't find what I am looking for.   I want to make a remote control for an adressable RGB LED strip using a single knob. It will be controlled by an arduino.   I am looking for something that detects rotation as well as pressing down and pressing up/down left/right.   This will illustrate the possible movements I would like to have this.
I originally asked this question on AskUbuntu, but I haven't gotten any replies so I figured I'd also ask here.  I am looking to set up an e-mail server with Ubuntu Server, although I am open to alternate operating systems if you have any suggestions that may perform better for my use case. I will have some 19,000+ devices using it to send and receive e-mail. The majority of these devices will probably not be heavily used, as only a few of our clients use the e-mail feature in these devices.  Based on the recommendation of another StackExchange user, I will likely be setting up virtual mailboxes for these devices to cut down on resource usage.  My planned software stack for the mail server will be Postfix, Dovecot, and MySQL. If there are alternatives that would perform better for my use case, please let me know.  The current usage data I have from our old system shows about 14GB of data across 7,684 messages received and 22GB of data across 11,321 messages delivered per week, adding up to around 56GB across 30,736 messages and 88GB across 45,284 messages received and delivered per month, respectively. As a rough estimate, I would say that the server will probably be sending/receiving around 100 to 200 GB across around 100,000 messages per month.  I do not need a large amount of storage per mailbox. The devices receiving mail will only be looking at the messages once to parse them for simple text-based commands. Sent mail does not need to be stored on the server at all, and received mail will be deleted from the server as soon as it's processed by the device.  Based on these figures, I would like to know what the minimum system requirements would be for the server to be able to handle this volume of messages/data smoothly.
I regularly need to test our hardware products. Usually that consists of having ~50 devices sitting on a bench for some time from 1 day to 14 days. Often we have a wifi connection to the device, so we use this comms channel to manage testing. Each time I do this testing I have to do some kind of bringup (e.g. onboarding onto the wifi network) to be able to talk to each device and manage the testing. This can be cumbersome and time consuming.  I'd like to have a router or other piece of hardware that allows me to assign a given IP to the host at a given port. That will allow me to plug an ethernet cable in and know what IP the device is at.  Can you recommend some hardware that would solve this problem?
I got a 22" monitor in my bed (it is hanged on the wall), it is connected to the computer using a HDMI cable, which can carry sound signal too. My problem is that my monitor doesn't have an audio out connector, so I can't plug my headphones in it.  And then, I need a device that can take the HDMI signal and split it in two: - send the HDMI signal to the monitor - provide an audio out 3.5 mm socket so I can connect my headphones in it  and then, the device should contain the following connectors: - HDMI in, to recieve the signal from the computer - HDMI out to connect to the monitor - or simply a short HDMI plug - stereo 3.5 mm audio socket so I can connect my headphones in it  The device should be small enough so I can stick it to the back of the monitor.  Is there any device like this?  If not, then I probably need a computer monitor with audio out - this should be a common feature already, since the monitors with HDMI can already receive audio signals, so they should also offer that signal using an audio out connector.
I'm looking for a keycap set with semitranslucent keys. Let me explain this:  Originally I was looking for a blank keycap set. However, I have a backlit keyboard, so this felt kind of like a waste of a great feature. So I was looking for translucent keycap sets, however they didn't look very well. Then I thought of keys that look just like my normal keycaps (i.e. only the letter is translucent) but with something like dots instead of the letters. Then I'd still have the blank style and use the backlight and it would hopefully look well.  However, I was unable to find something similiar in the internet, which astonished me, as there generally is a pretty wide selection of keycap sets out there.  Do you have any ideas?  EDIT: I actually found this option on maxkeyboard, however this costs $90, which seems quite a lot of money for keycaps with a translucent dot atop of it. Are there any cheaper solutions out there?
Is the production year really a requirement for running the newest os with the newest xcode? Shouldn't it be enough fulfilling the hardware requirements such as cpu, ram, hdd, etc? If I in theory buy a mac from 2008 with the same hardware as a mac from 2016 will I really not be able to upgrade to the most recent os just because of the production year?
Here is the manual for the system specification.  I'm unsure if this RAM is the right product for my laptop.  If I'm wrong with making a purchase for this product. Please recommend a product that's on Amazon for compatibility.
I got these Wireless Headphones Panasonic RP-WF830H for using them at the PC and they are not working anymore. I can't tune to find the sound.  These work on RF (Radio Frequency) and they have a tuner integrated in it. I can even tune to a few radio stations with them. I don't need the radio tuner, I just need to use them as headphones and when I bought them, I knew nothing about wireless headphones. At that moment, I had no idea that it contains a radio tuner.  Now I want to buy another wireless headphones and I would like to make sure I won't get into the same problem. For example I noticed these headphones - MDR-RF895RK RF Wireless Headphones - how can I make sure they just work and I won't have to waste my time trying to tune the headphones in order to find the sound signal coming from my PC?  Or should I buy Bluetooth wireless headphones? Or maybe infrared wireless headphones? Are they better for using at the PC?
I want to get a new laptop and I've been making lots of research. I've narrowed my two choices down to two laptops with their processor as intel core i7-7500U and intel core i7-8550U Processor. I'm not sure which is better but i'm assuming i7-8550U will be better because well, it's 8th Gen.   I have the differences between the both of them from intel's website compare. Kindly help me decide which is better. I will be using the laptop for programming, school work and casual gaming(fornite and overwatch).                        core i7-7500U                              core i7-8550U   Performance  # of cores                  2                                          4 # of threads                4                                          8 procesor base frequency     2.70GHz                                    1.80GHz Max turbo frequency         3.50GHz                                    4.00GHz Cache                       4MB smart cache                            8MB smart cache Configurable TDP-up frequncy    2.90GHz                                2.00GHz Configurable TDP-down           7.5W                                    10.0W   Memory Specification  Memory Type          DDR4-2133,LPDDR3-1866,DDR3L-1600                 DDR4-2400,LPDDR3-2133   Graphics Specification  Graphics Max Dynamic Frequency    1.05GHz                                 1.15GHz Open GL support                   4.5                                  4.4
I am looking for small 4G router which has built-in (IPsec or SSL) client and can connect to Cisco ASA Firewall , Cisco ISR can work as IPsec VPN client but it is expensive and big
There are considereble price differences between EVO and PRO series of Samsun SSDs. Is it worth it to buy a PRO series?  What is the difference between EVO and PRO in first place?
I'm working on an IoT Project that monitor the temperature / humidity of a house and detect if there are water leaks.  Now, I'm looking for a water detection sensor with these constraint :    Must be connected to Wi-Fi (with or without gateway) An administrator can control where the sensor send data (I want these data directly on my server endpoint) I want to be able use my application and not an external application
Seeking a small workgroup printer (monochrome OK) where five users can print less than 50 plain paper pages (8.5"x11") a day from Windows 10. For security reasons, WiFi and wired LAN are out. Can't due the Bluetooth Low Energy/WiFi Direct combination either, which rules out a lot of HP printers. Is there a printer with integrated Bluetooth, or a Bluetooth print server, under a kilobuck, which will work with no, repeat no, WiFi?
With the demise of Crashplan for Linux I need a system for backing up my home desktop.    My intent is to run a local backup server to guard against things like hard drive crashes and then use offsite storage to mitigate the risk of fire/flood/meteor.  I plan to use Borg because it will work with the offsite storage provider I've chosen and because it's supposedly simple to run a Borg server on a linux OS.  I looked first at the Raspberry Pi 3 but found reports that the network and hard drive interfaces were too slow to be viable.  No-Compromise Requirements:   Very quiet. Ideally no fans. I don't know where I'm going to put it but if it ends up in my bedroom I don't want to hear it. Reliable and fit for purpose (Cheap hardware is nice but my backups have to be there when I need them) My overall budget is $200.  If it's a single-board computer I will also need to buy a hard drive.  If there's an all-in-one product with hard drive storage included I can go up to $200. Must run Linux and have the horsepower to run Borg Server (but from what I've read if it can run Linux it can run Borg) Requires minimal hardware skill to set up. I'm not a hardware hacker. Plugging stuff in is about as far as my skill extends.   Nice-to-have:   Small form factor   Research I've already done: in no particular order   OrangePi Plus2 (negative reviews, however that was 2 years ago) PrimeSystems Core 2 (concerned about noise, size) ODROID-XU4 (expensive!)
I'm adding Virgin Media broadband to a new office with up to 14 users (worst case). The modem will have 5 static IP addresses and Virgin Media have said that the modem will be in modem only mode, i.e. no routing and a separate router would need to be purchased (this is as a consequence of the static IP addresses)  Is there anything I need to consider when finding a router and can anyone suggest a router? Some of the PCs will not have WiFi cards attached so 5 or 6 network ports on the router would be handy.
I'm looking for an external monitor to attach to my laptop in portrait mode (known as "pivot"). I use it for coding, reading web pages, and reading/editing documents.  Not gaming.  GPU is Nvidia Quadro P4000.  I'd like to buy the latest product/technology, rather than something which has been on the market for 3 years.  4K Monitor for programming is a bit dated now at 18 months ago.  https://www.scorptec.com.au/product/monitors/4k-monitors lets you sort by what's new.  Looks like the newest they list is Dell U2718Q. There's the P2415Q, which has been around a while, but has newer variants.   I'm open to that. I've also found Asus PB27UQ and PB287Q (the latter is not IPS - but its cheap enough that maybe that doesn't matter?).  And of course https://www.eizoglobal.com/press/releases/htmls/ev2785.html  So what's the best choice, weighing price and quality? :-)
What is the best USB 3G dongle on the market right now to use with my Macbook Pro running MacOS? I am looking for something under $50 that rivals WIFI and Ethernet type of speed. I am looking for the best bps for the best price. I understand 3G is not going to be as fast as WIFI or Ethernet.
Would be great to buy as cheap as possible camera to just run and have RTSP stream. Are there any suggestions?
I am an engineering student and can't afford to buy books. Hence, I need to buy a tablet soon. I've read many reviews by tech websites on the two tablets, "fire hd 8" and "lenovo tab 4". My budget is like really tight and can't afford very much to switch for a galaxy tab or an ipad. So, I like to ask what are the pros and cons of these two tablets? And especially how their displays fare against each other for reading?  Thanks!
I need some hardware for multiple SIM cards SMS sending. Preferably 200 sim cards. I would use Linux and some development boards like Raspberry pi etc. I have used raspberry with a USB dongle. Please advice solutions for multiple sim cards.
I was using Amazone drive for store my photos and videos and important document etc.. by comparing the annual cost, now I'm thinking to move to a USB external hard drive because those files I'm not accessing so often and sometimes when I traveling cost for mobile data to download files are high.   My plan is to buy identical two USB external hard drives and use one as a storage and the other one as a backup. But I don't like the idea of mirroring as a schedule task by connecting both drives to a computer and using a mirror software.   Can I use some external hardware to do the mirror part same as RAID 1 concept. When files save in to a one drive, other drive also should get the same change. Something like a hardware hub or splitter.  As I feel this is a common requirement. Someone may achieve this before cloud storage get popular. Thanks in advance!
I've recently moved from a large house to a smaller, less expensive condominium.   I'm looking at purchasing an Alexa device, smart bulbs, smart plugs, and possibly door cameras. What I can't determine is which Alexa device would benefit me most.   I'm stuck between choosing the Echo Show and the Echo Plus.   I'm leaning toward the Show because of my interest in cameras, but I have multiple computers and even more monitors, so I'm not sure how the screen would benefit me other than for use with cameras. I'm very new to Alexa.   What I would like to do is set up multicolor smartbulbs in the two bedrooms of the new home, possibly adding more bulbs later to other parts of the condo as they come down in price. This means the two rooms will need to be able to be controlled individually by Alexa.  Optionally, I would like a camera viewing both the front and rear entrances.  My TV and much of my computer hardware goes into a "standby" mode if they lose power and are restarted, so I'm not sure if I should bother with the smart plugs or not.  I would like a smart thermostat, but I'm not sure the leasing office will let that one slide.    Without the cameras, would the Show have any real benefit for my situation?  Inversely, would I be able to use the cameras with the Plus and view them on another device? The difference in price between versions of the Show and Plus is significant, with a new version of each coming out on October 11, 2018.   Are there any differences between versions that are worth this difference in price such that my use-case is impacted? If I get a thermostat, is one device more capable than the other of using it?
I've a HP Envy 27" 4K monitor which I use with both my home and work laptops. The problem is my work laptop connects via hdmi cable and the personal laptop (Mac Book Pro 2017) connects via USB-C. So I've to manually switch monitor's input mode every-time I change computers. At a time, I've only one computer connected to the monitor.    Is there a way to activate auto switching in the monitor?  If not, does there exist any external solutions (like a KVM switch) so I don't have to fiddle with buttons on the monitor. I've found one such switch (https://www.amazon.com/Displayport-Digital-Converter-Adapter-Projector/dp/B01MZ432JO) but this only has HDMI ports.   Note: Preferably something under $50
I'm using a Dell WD15 dock to connect my Dell Precision 5510 to an external monitor (HP Envy 27" 4k). This is a USB-C dock. The dock connects to the monitor using a HDMI cable. The display settings for the monitor are:  resolution: 3840x2160, Scaling: 150%. The text on the monitor is very crisp.   Whereas if I connect my 13" 2017 Macbook Pro (usb-c), the text on the monitor is extremely blurry. the default display resolution is 2560x1440 at 60 Hz. I've even tried to use 4k resolution but the text isn't crisp. I also tried using the displayPort on the dock but to no avail.   This problem is eliminated when using a single usb-c cable and the text on the monitor becomes very crisp and clear at the default 2560x1440 resolution.   I would like to be able to use the dock with the Macbook Pro in order to take advantage of the various peripheral devices connected to the dock.
I would like to add some SATA ports to older servers (2 x PCIe x4, 1 x PCIe x 8) and I need to be able to use the max. speed of the HDDs attached to them - in parallel/all at the same time.  The HDDs are capable of delivering ~ 220MB/s read/write speed.  What I do find, are PCIe x1 cards like  InLine 76617G, 8x SATA 6Gb/s, PCIe 2.0 x1   but these obviously max out at some 750 MB/s interface speed. Probably under normal load conditions that would be fine to serve 3 HDDs at a time, however, as mentioned, I'd need at least 1.6GB/s bandwidth.  There are some older PCIex8 RAID controllers like the Areca 1220, but these unfortunately deliver only a 400MB/s bandwidth (actually trying to replace these) even when used in non-RAID mode with just "pass through" disks.  I also have been able to find a 8-port PCIe x2 card from Syba, which comes closest. Or alternately I could use two 4-port PCIe x2 cards as offered on Amazon. With the backdraw of losing 1 PCIe x 4 port.  So back to the title of this question: Is there a 8port SATA 6g PCIe x4 non-raid card - preferably below $80.
Need industrial printer (print in paper bags papers) which can print with following spec,   upto 42inch paper multicolor want to print upto 200GSM paper sheet feed and roll feed low quality print is enough lower ink consumption faster printing ability
My Spectrum cable Internet can be upgraded to 940mbps service, but I prefer to own my modem.  As of October 2018, Spectrum has stated that "There are no modems that have passed certification testing for the Spectrum Internet Gig tier with speeds up to 940 Mbps."    However, there is a list of Minimally Qualified Modems below.  I have sorted them by those that advertise DOCSIS 3.1 .  Has anyone successfully connected to Spectrum "Internet Gig" service with any of the modems below?  https://www.spectrum.net/support/internet/compliant-modems-charter-network/  Yes Arris SBG6950  Yes Arris SBG6950 AC2  Yes Netgear C3000v2  Yes Netgear C3700v2  Yes Netgear Cable Orbi CBR40 or CBK40  No Arris SBG7400 No Arris SBG7400 AC2 No Linksys CG7500 No Linksys CM3016 No Motorola MB7621 No Netgear C6220 No Netgear C6300-100NAS No Netgear C6300 B Step v2 No Netgear C6300 D0 No Netgear C7000 ??? Netgear C7000v2 No Netgear C7500 No Netgear C7500 D0 No Netgear CM700 No Netgear N450-100NAS No TP-Link CR1900 No TP-Link TC7650 No Zoom 5370
I would like a mouse that has copy and paste solely programmed into it.  The peculiarity about this is I don't what a mouse that simply has buttons but has the keyboard shortcuts programmable into the mouse.  The big advantage of this for me is that I can use it on linux/mac/windows machines with out any additional software.  Edit: So apparently the keyboard shortcuts are hardware wired based on the configuration software often but not always.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seDYxGhrc4A  This gives me some hope of getting one that works for all 3 operating systems ideally.  I have messed with Karabiner Elements on macOS and can likely get that one to at least partially work.  He is using the AJazz GTX mouse.
I have always had really bad luck with wireless keyboards and mice on computers that have USB3 connectors.  When plugging the receiver mini-dongle into a USB3 port (or even near a USB3 port) both the keyboard and mouse suffer from lag and missed events.  I just gave up after a while, but when looking for something else I found this article: USB 3.0* Radio Frequency Interference on 2.4 GHz Devices on Intel's website, which reads in part:     ... the noise from USB 3.0 data spectrum can be high   (in the 2.4–2.5 GHz range). This noise can radiate from the USB 3.0 connector on a    PC platform, the USB 3.0 connector on the peripheral device or the USB 3.0 cable. If    the antenna of a wireless device operating in this band is placed close to any of the    above USB 3.0 radiation channels, it can   pick up the broadband noise. The broadband    noise emitted from a USB 3.0 device can affect the SNR and limit the sensitivity of any    wireless receiver whose antenna is physically located close to the USB 3.0 device. This    may result in a drop in throughput on the wireless link.   This describes the issues I've encountered perfectly.  The question: Does anybody make a wireless kb/mouse that is immune to USB3 RFI?  I have searched several times, and usually my Google-fu is quite good, but it fails me here.
I need a system with absolutely no wireless capabilities for my small business that will solely operate through a wired LAN. Since I have no need for WiFi or Bluetooth, I’d prefer not having to deal with contigencies stemming from possible unauthorized wireless injections or WiFi packet sniffers. I’m not willing to simply turn these wireless signals off through my system, because I for one know, there exists many firms which have stringent rules against the use of WiFi chips within their mainframes. Thus, I’m just not content with having any sort of antenna within my system. I’m currently considering getting a chrome box because I won’t need the system for any hardcore applications, but simply an internet connection. Any useful resources would be helpful.
I have right now 1GB and 4GB DDR3 ram sticks inside, but I'd like to upgrade the 1GB to 4GB, but I'm not sure, what exactly am I supposed to look for.  Originally, I got my 4GB inside, I just added 1GB later.    About my RAM slots:    ..and the smaller one:
Quick background: Me and my wife both work from home sometimes, and are both used to two or three monitor setups while in the office. For our home office I would like to have a universal laptop dock (our work machines are from different manufacturers) connected to three monitors. Ideally these would be MST compatible so I can daisy-chain them together, not only does this limit cable messiness but also means if we get a home computer in the near future then it will be much easier to switch the video output between laptop and tower.  I am currently looking at this monitor option and this laptop dock, however I'm not sure if this will accomplish what I need. If not, what other options should I be considering?
I'm looking to replace my OnePlus 3T that got some damage to the screen. I tried narrowing down my choices on a site that allows filtering based on hardware requirements, but ended up with zero matches. So I'm looking for something that is as close as can be found.  Requirements:   Android New enough to get at least a couple of years of security updates from the vendor Dual SIM Headphone jack OLED screen that is not much smaller No larger in body width/height   Price is not very important. It would be nice not to regress in battery life, charging speed or other hardware specs, but I could live with a small downgrade.
I have an HP Elitebook 8470P. It does a lot of heavy SQL Work. I was running it with 65 Watt 18.5V 3.5A Power Adapter which came with it. It overheated and burst a couple of days back after using it for around 2 years. Thankfully Laptop is safe.   I checked https://support.hp.com/in-en/document/c03374369#AbT7 and it lists two types of power adapters. 90 watt 19V 4.74A Discrete Config and 65 Watt 18.5V 3.5A UMA Config (the one which I was using). Is it possible that it burst because of excessive workload. If so, Should I buy the one with 90 watt power this time around whihc might also help my batch run faster.   Also I have a 65 watt 19.5V 3.33A adapter lying around with me with matching connector size. Can I use it instead without risk of frying the laptop. The wattage is same 65 Watt but Voltage and Current is different.
I have this HDD from an old laptop I no longer possess and I would like to retrieve the data that's on it. I was wondering what kind of connector I would need to connect it to my PC. I saw another similar here but I am not quite sure I understand the solution that is given and if it is applicable to my own HDD.  Here is a picture:      and another one:
I would like a desktop computer which is fast and snappy for common "power user" workflows (eg. coding IDEs, 20+ Chrome tabs, Blender, Audio Editing, Web/File Server, Backup server) and also has the capability to run deep learning algorithms on it (one nVidia RTX 2080 ti to start, maybe another down the road). The problem, as I see it, is that Intel doesn't really offer any high-performance CPUs (>= 5GHz overclocked) with more than 16 PCIe lanes. I've seen different reports about whether NVMe drives use up these PCIe lanes or if they are routed through a different set of platorm PCIe lanes, but if they do use up some of these lanes then I am immediately dropped down to 8x performance on the graphics card. Even if not, it means dropping down to 8x performance once I have 2 graphics cards.  Bearing in mind that a setup like this will reasonably end up with 2 NVMe drives and 2 graphics cards, am I better off going with a lower clockspeed Xeon or AMD Threadripper so that I get the PCIe lanes?  I'm getting the impression, based on current hardware options, that I can have a fast desktop PC or a capable server / deep-learning platform, but not both.
My friend recommended me this  https://www.tokopedia.com/tokobelakang/xiaomi-mi-ultra-short-laser-projector-5000-lumen-ansi-readystock-putih?gclid=Cj0KCQiAw5_fBRCSARIsAGodhk9iJ-vlMX_s4ZE_3u53Ca6Ozndew5HU5qpxiYhhHEJa470xELa8lvcaAky3EALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds  Everything there is almost perfect.  5k lumen. Very short throw. I want distance to the wall to be at most 2 m. The smaller the better.  The thing is my wall is around 5m. Xiaomi laser can do 3.75 m (150 inch).  The throw doesn't have to be that short though I like it.  My only concern is screen size. Can I push this xiaomi laser to make a 5m diagonal screen instead?  Distance 2m is fine. So about .4 throw ratio.  Full HD. Higher better, but not if it's too much more expensive. Good contrast. If you have other criteria of what's good, let me know.  $5k max budget. But if I can get a very good one for $1500-$2000 I would need a good reason to shell out another $3k.  I know about projector central. Been looking for it. Still can't decide.  Oh ya, if possible, something popular enough that I can find it in tokopedia.com
It seems like almost every phone coming out these days make only the most incremental changes to the actual capabilities of the phone, instead focusing on making a better fashion statement or a better software camera.  One would think that would be easy to get around—just look at cell phone reviews that don't focus on that stuff! Unfortunately, this seems to everything reviewers care about too, so I'm right out of luck there.  I am focused on three things:   Solid reliability and function—I don't really need a Snapdragon 845, but I would love to have a body that can survive a few years of use. Battery life. I would prefer better battery life/battery optimization than top-of-the-line GPUs. Future compatibility. I want this phone to continue to receive support and/or updates for an extended period of time, so I'm afraid phones from over a year or so are right out.   Things I really don't care about, but seem to be the major players:   The camera. I have a camera. If I want to take good shots, I won't use my phone. The "modern styling" that I'm going to cover with a case anyway and will turn into an old trend in a year or two. Perfect, top-of-the-line OLED edge-to-edge bezel-less always-on 600-nit screen with perfectly dark blacks. Gimmicks I don't need like under-screen fingerprint sensors. They aren't really necessary and are mainly used to flex on your friends.   Not even sure if a recent phone exists that meets these requirements, but—seeing as how phone reviewers tend to focus on what I don't care about—I figured I'd ask you guys what might be a good option.  Thanks!
I need to integrate a 9.5 or 12.7 mm laptop optical BluRay drive into a small form factor case that only accepts a slot in drive. I have the slot in drive but it some small/slim ATAPI/IDE.  The problem I am facing is that the mini-ITX main board does not have IDE and the laptop BluRay drive is IDE.    What adapter that will allow me to interface this drive to my main board?
I am looking for the QWERTY keyboard with the lowest input latency. By that, I mean that I want the keyboard that is the quickest at sending a signal to the computer when a person starts pressing a key. In addition, I need that keyboard to offer some kind of tactile (or at the very least auditory) feedback (so not a key with a silent linear travel with no resistance until the bottom of the slot)  Now, for a quick refresh, a lot of factors can influence input latency , such as:    Key input (for a quicker input, low travel distance and/or  high actuation point are preferable). Keyboard matrix scan rate (the frequency at which the keyboard  checks whether any one key is pressed). Microprocessor chip processing time (The time it takes for the keyboard's chip to process signal. USB polling (The frequency at which the computer checks for USB input). Please note that some other connections, such as PS/2 could theoretically be quicker since they don't rely on polling but send a signal to the computer directly instead, but some say this doesn't have to be true anymore. Debouncing algorithm (this variable can be the limiting factor in matrix scan rate, so it has some importance) The software being used when using the keyboard   If needed, all of these concepts are further explained here (1) and here (2).  Now a lot of gaming keyboards will satisfy to my speed requirements on factor 2 (keyboard matrix scan rate of 1000Hz and upwards), but very few information is available for any given keyboard regarding factor 3 (microprocessor chip processing time).  As for factor 1 (key input), both a keyboard with very short key travel or high actuation point (or both) could work, as long as they are optimized on factors 2 and 3 as well.  I have seen a previous post in which the original poster asked for a qwerty keyboard with the lowest travel distance and the lowest actuation force, but most of the answers given there do not apply here. One the one hand, because I do not care about actuation force, but also, on the other hand, because a lot of the suggested keyboard have no tactile feedback (the ones that are touch screens keyboards, for example).  Up until now I have found one keyboard that seems to fit with my requirements: The Wooring one, But I would like to see if there are more and/or better. Other options, such as the Razer mechanical keyboards with orange switches (see this post) are not that bad, but have a lowest actuation point. Keyboards that use the Cherry MX speed silver could be very interesting, but unfortunately, they seem to be quite rare (and they would still need to provide some information information regarding factors 2 and 3, or to provide data for independent latency testing, or else there is no way to verify how they compare to other keyboards such as The wooting one). Another option would be to buy a keyboard optimized for factors 2 and 3 and to install the Cherry MX speed silver switches myself on it, but i don't know how that would go.  Does anybody have any good recommendations ?
I have a Moto E5 Play, which does not have built-in NFC capabilities. I'd like to be able to use Google Pay and other apps that require NFC. Are there NFC transmitters/readers that plug into the 3.5mm audio jack? (Kind of like Square, but with NFC capabilities, not mag stripe) I'd like to leave the USB port free for charging, which is why I'm asking about the audio port.
I need an Audio Switcher (also called Audio Switch or Audio Selector I think) with 3.5 mm jacks, one that can be controlled from the computer - that apart from a manual control (a button on the switch). It should connect to the computer using USB, should use no batteries and not even a charger. The USB should provide more than enough power to feed the circuits used for switching and for communicating with the PC.  I need something similar with this: Toslink Switch 3 Ports Digital Optical Audio Switcher 3x1 with IR Remote Control but using 3.5 mm standard jack instead of S/PDIF and using the computer to control it instead of using Infrared remote.
I will be configuring a new Windows-based computer in the next few weeks.  This will be a general purpose computer, but will be used on a fairly regular basis for video processing (Sony Vegas) and video rendering.  My current computer indicates that Sony Vegas does use all cores when rendering.  But in looking at CPU options for my upcoming system, is there an online performance comparison tool I can use to figure out which CPU will give me the fastest video render times within my CPU cost budget?  There is quite a variety of cpu models with variances in architecture, clock speed, number of cores, onboard cache, etc.  What I don't know is if in my CPU-intensive video rendering if a higher clock and fewer cores, or slower clock by more cores will give me better performance, assuming sufficient memory, SSD, etc.
I'm thinking about getting a new laptop. I'd like to know if anyone knows when we can expect mainstream laptops to contain mitigation for spectre and meltdown vulnerabilities. From what I've read on the internet some of the software mitigation for the vulnerabilities takes a hefty toll on the computer performance and if I were to get a new computer it seems worth the wait if I can get one that has mitigation built into hardware and, at least in my theory, has better performance.  Edit:  I'm working as a developer and the new computer is supposed to be for work. I use Microsoft Visual Studio and need computer to be as fast as possible when compiling etc. My current work computer is in the place in the upgrade cycle where it should be upgraded, (it is five years old and uses win7) but if I ask my manager for a new I'll probably have to use it for four years or so. My reason for asking is to determine if I should hold on to my computer for a couple of months longer.
I am looking for recommendations on a single function printer for an industrial environment (production floor of a manufacturing plant) where it gets very dusty. In the past, I've used the HP OfficeJet 6000/6100, HP OfficeJet Pro 8000/8100, and the Dell C1760nw. They usually last just long enough to survive the manufacturer warranty, die, and then I have to replace them.   Requirements:   Linux compatible (PostScript is fine) — We use IGEL Thin Clients Ethernet port 8½" × 11" paper Color ~50 pages per day  Single Function (Preferred) Under $300 (Preferred) Inexpensive ink/toner Dusty environment
I'm looking for a modem router   External dual-band antennas Support ADSL2+ with possibility to use FTTH in the future Openwrt support  At least one USB port   any other functionalities is appreciated
Long story short, a couple of years ago I swapped my old Sony Xperia Z2 for a Samsung S7 (hero, not edge).   But it hasn't worked out ideally. The problem is that even my S7, which isn't supposed to have a curved display, does in fact have a subtle curve to the screen. So the thin hardened glass aftermarket screen protectors don't fit perfectly - they might protect the screen, but they themselves show cracks within weeks of buying. I've tried about 3 different types, including 100% flat, and ones that are said to be "shaped to match the S7 display", and got the same each time. Not ideal at all.  So I'm hoping to replace it with one that has a tough/robust, but completely flat, display, so that aftermarket protectors are guaranteed to work and lie 100% flat on it, without cracking. This was the case with my old Z2, and I miss it.  It would probably help to give a fairly detailed spec of what I use, and physical/design features needed.    Probably a top end, or near-top-end-ish Android smartphone (Samsung, Sony Xperia, HTC, maybe one of the newcomer Asian makes?). Or at least, equivalent to what Samsung/Sony/HTC flagship smartphone spec was like, way back in 2016 :) Could be a good model from a year or 2 ago, as I don't mind buying used. Ideally a decent reputation for build quality. I'm in the UK, so it needs to cope with UK GPRS, UMTS, HSPDA, LTE bands (UK LTE bands are 2,7,20). Probably a UK model, or available/sold into UK. 3GB+ RAM, 32GB+ ROM and fast 64 bit CPU (not fussy about CPU make, probably 6-8 core as I like it to feel fast when used. My S7 is ok on this, if that helps.) I always flash aftermarket OS (LineageOS right now), so LineageOS or similar availability is essential, and able to be unlocked from single network. MicroSD slot essential. USB B or C connector essential, ideally with USB3+ data speeds, if not too restrictive. Copying 40GB of files across the USB port at USB 2.0 speed is painful (WiFi file copying isn't always practical). If not too restrictive, I'd like to get faster USB :-) Large-ish display - say 5.3 - 6 inch diagonal, but hand-holdable phone size, so handset size limit of about 80-83 x 160-163 mm, but there's room to be flexible if a few mm helps. As large a display as possible within that size, but ideally a slim side-bezel, to make the most of the viewable area. Good phone/speakerphone/mic volume and clarity, some phones I've had, have had issues with voice, or speakerphone (muffled, echoey, too quiet, mumbly), and I'd like good quality phone calls on my new phone :) Ideally dedicated headphone jack. Fast rear camera focus (my S7 uses PD AF and is very fast compared to my previous Z2, I like that), and ideally, also good in low light. Good range of GPS networks (including Galileo, Beidou, Glonass if possible), and good range of sensors. Robust - while I don't need a commercial build phone with rubber at all corners, or a Samsung "active" range, I'd like a robust phone with a newer generation of toughened glass, perhaps more robust or slightly thicker than my current screen. And IP rated - good for 1m+ depth (current phone is IP68).   That should with luck narrow it down to <10 models.   The final criteria would be "as cheap as possible used good condition on EBay"! :)
Looking for a tablet or 2-in-1 for heavy programming and note taking, preferably a tablet or a 2-in-1 with a detachable screen.  I care about how the writing feels so looking for a stylus/screen combo with a little bit of resistance if possible.  Aiming for high build quality and powerful components because I want it to last as long as possible.  Budget: 3500 USD  Size: preferably 12 inches  RAM: 16GB  Video card: not relevant  Battery life: not a priority
Problem  I'm working with huge brain imaging raster data with four dimensions (x,y,z,t). The dimension sizes are respectively ~1000, ~600, ~20, ~3000 with data stored as uint16, which makes me ~100GB files. To store the data, I have a RAID of 8 8TB hard drives (64TB). Now comes the problem of accessing the data : sometimes I have to take a single (x,y) image, sometimes I have to take all the t's for one xy pixel. Since I can not load all the data in the RAM (I have 64GB), I use memory mapping which means I load the data only when I need it. But it makes the slicing along the z axis is very, very long.  Question  How can I access and process or visualize my data quickly ? It would be faster with a RAID of SSD's, but much more expansive. Is there a way to use only one 1TB SSD as the cache for the RAID ?
I want to buy a power meter in order to measure CPU and GPU power consumption, on a remoter desktop machine (in which I have physical access). The software is ubuntu 18.04, I can measure the nvidia GPU power consumption using nvidia-smi, but I cannot measure the CPU power consumption trustworhty. I need to purchase a tool that I might place on the device and it would expose measurements to an endpoint/url for instance for the device, such as power consumption, energy consumption etc.  Would you suggest something?
I was reading the HP Dv7 service manual looking for a replacement wi-fi chip, and I think that my brother's chip finally kicked the bucket after around a decade of service.  I did all the usual monkeying around with drivers, and software but nothing works.  Anyway, I noticed that there were no recommendations for AC-compatible wi-fi chips in the manual.   I see that there are a lot of a/b/g/n, but nothing for the AC standard.  What should I look for in a wi-fi chip for a pavillion dv7 to optimize wi-fi performance? Is there an AC compliant chip that can be used with this computer without being rejected?  I'm looking only for chips that also support the bluetooth protocol.  Picture Here:
I sometimes need 10kmah and sometimes 20kmah and would prefer not buy 2 separate battery packs.  Money is no object.  Is there a cell phone USB charger that is chainable?
While Intel's 9900K is the fastest "mainstream CPU" currently offered, it is quite a price hike (currently around $570, despite an MSRP of $430). Combined with the necessary motherboard, it looks to be about twice the price of an AMD 2700X system for an estimated 15% performance boost in most use cases, so it doesn't look like it's worth it.  My primary use for this PC will be working with machine learning algorithms - Torch, Tensorflow, Julia, etc. I already have an nVidia GPU running on an old Intel Xeon, but I'm looking to upgrade the CPU to something more modern. Would there be any disadvantage that I'm not forseeing with using an AMD 2700X? I realize most algorithms do the bulk of their work on the GPU, so I guess the aspects I'm concerned about are things like any possible performance issues or incompatibilities with the libraries. I'd hate to find out the Intel's MKL library runs significantly slower on AMD, for instance, or that using an AMD CPU will mean I have to compile libraries more often instead of getting to use pre-built binaries.
To begin, this is related to a project I wanted to do after getting some free hardware from someone. I would like to be able to run this computer from a power bank if possible, although I'm not too experienced at all in hardware. If it is not feasible I would be grateful for an explanation as to why.  Here are the components that need to be discussed  http://resources.mini-box.com/online/PWR-PICOPSU-80/PWR-PICOPSU-80-manual.pdf (PSU DC-DC)  https://www.amazon.com/Anker-PowerCore-20100mAh-Portable-Delivery/dp/B071WNWRNC (Powerbank)  https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07952G6KT/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1  (USB to 12V 2A DC Connector)  I thought this setup would work as this USB to 12v 2A DC converter should be able to give the PSU what it demands (12v 1A MIN). The end results being however, I get the CPU active heat sink fan to start up for near to a second before it turns off. And then continues to do so if it's left plugged in.   An interesting thing to note is, I have two AC Adapters which are both 12v 2A with the same polarity, one works how it should and one doesn't, which mimics what the powerbank+converter does. The one that doesn't work, doesn't have a ground prong/pin.  Could someone possibly help me out, recommending me some other component(s) to use? Thanks :)
I need a short HDMI cable (Male-Male) to connect a Raspberry PI 3B+ to a HDMI Switch (the monitor is shared between the Raspberry and a PC). It should have 10 cm or maximum 20 cm and I have difficulties finding such thing. When searching for it, I land on pages for products like micro HDMI cables, HDMI to VGA adapter cables or even HDMI extension cords. There is a good store in the area where I live specialized only in cables for electronics and the shortest HDMI cable they have is 50 cm.  I guess I'm not the only one who has to share a monitor between a PC and a micro computer like Raspberry PI so a good answer to this question might be quite useful.
I am looking for MACSec hardware for an academic project (layer 2 encryption). The main requirements are simplicity and a flexible key exchange configuration (however, it is not yet specified how the key exchange is done).  I am looking for a MACSec switch, and possibly also for a MACSec netword card.  Can you recommend some cheap commodity MACSec hardware?
I am desperately looking for a keyboard which satisfies my particular playstyle:  Required Features:   Wireless (to be used on armchair in front of TV) Illuminated (to play with lights off) Full analog numpad (calculator is used A LOT for trading) Reliable (no sudden lags and missed/duplicate keys - unforgivable in gaming)   Nice-to-haves:   Slim (it was 'required' before, for typing speed, but I had to sacrifice it to broaden the choices) Ability to charge by USB cable while continuing to use AA/AAA or other conventional batteries mini receiver (for travelling)   So far I have been using Logitech K800 (so basically looking for better alternative). But there were two issues with it:    Key scissor mechanisms are very fragile (so now 8 of them are broken beyond repair) Illumination turns on either on sensor (and stays on for non-configurable period of about 5 sec) or key press (and then it is possible to configure for how long it is on). Both ways are inconvenient first due to sensor range and second due to the need to press smth.   If I won't find anything I'll have to buy new K800 of course, but it is rather sad surprise that keyboard makers were unable to create anything better for the last 8 years.
I have ASUS ROG STRIX B450-F which uses the AMD B450 chipset, I plan on adding 2 SATA drives in a RAID 1 configuration and am trying to determine if there is any advantage to using 7200rpm drives.  I found posts from a few years back that indicated that there was no point in using 7200 rpm drives because the RAID controller was the bottleneck.  Is this still the case? Is anyone able to find any specs on the B450 chipset RAID Controller?  Thanks in advance
Are you aware of some displays meeting requirements mentioned in title? I was looking for a long while but couldn't find anything. Most panels with all mentioned features are 4k or miss HDR. Could you recommend me anything?
We have a Windows 10 desktop system with the specifications listed below that has a 1 Gbps network interface card (NIC). We'd like to upgrade it with a 10 Gbps NIC. Any recommendations for a compatible and good 10 Gbps NIC that we can purchase and easily install for this particular system? Would we also need to install a new NIC driver as well for the new 10 Gbps NIC? Here are the specifications of our Windows 10 workstation:     SM, 4U/Tower, 8x 3.5" SAS/SATA Hot-swap drive bays, 1200W Redundant Power Supply (CSE-745TQ-R1200B); Intel Xeon Haswell E5-2687 v3 3.1GHz Ten-Core 9.6GT/s 25MB LGA 2011-3 160 Watt Processor (BX80644E52687V3);      8: Kingston 16GB 2133MHz DDR4 ECC CL15 SR x4 DIMM w/TS (KVR21R15D4/16)      SAMSUNG PM863 MZ-7LM960Z 2.5" 960GB SATA III Internal Solid State Drive (SSD) 10DWPD (MZ-7LM960Z)      2: EVGA GeForce GTX1080 Superoverclocked 8GB GDDR5X PCIE 3.0 x16, 3x DP, 1x DVI, 1x HDMI (08G-P4-6183-KR)      SM, Motherboard ATX, Single Socket R3 LGA2011, 8 x DDR4 DIMM Slots, 2 x Intel i350-AM2 GbE Ports, 10 x SATA3 6Gbps, 4x PCI-E 3.0 x16 , 2x PCI-E 3.0, x1 (MBD-X10SRA)      Software Install - Windows 10      Aspen Systems 3-yr System Advanced Parts Replacement Hardware Warranty (ASP-SYS-GOLD)      SM, 2.5" HDD in 2nd generation 3.5" hot swap tray (CSE-PT17L-B) (MCP-220-00080-0B)      SM, Active Heatsink, 4U X9, E5-1600, E5-2600, E5-4600 Series (SNK-P0050AP4)
I'm currently looking for a new phone as my Nexus 5X passed away recently. My boss was so kind to give be a bonus in the form that the company will buy me a new phone in the 300€ to 350€ range.  What I would like is:   At least Full HD USB C (possibly w/ USB 3.0) No notch Headphone Jack 4 GB of ram or more 4G+ (or at least 4G) 5" to 5.8" screen size possibly CPU at least as powerful as the Nexus 5X Camera is not super important but at least as good as the Nexus 5X 32GB internal storage A whole day of battery Fingerprint reader   Nice to have:   Fingerprint reader preferably on the back NFC Dual SIM and microSD (absolutely not necessary) 16:9 aspect ratio (I dislike 18:9 but I can live with it I guess..) Lineage OS support   Thank you very much
For my scientific research I need to know the most popular phone processors to know their FLOPS parameters. But I can't find a some resource about it. I could find the best mobile processors only (but I need the average parameters, not the best). Does anyone know sites or some another ways where to get a list of the most popular phone processors?
Is there a touch pad that goes over the screen or mouse that would allow navigation to a phone in which the main touch screen is no longer working? So many times I could have used something like this. I can see everything fine but the crack messes up the touch screen.   I'm not having a conflict between 2 pieces of hardware. I was hoping someone could tell me if there is such hardware.
I am planning to build a PC for both gaming and work. I need a PC that can sustain 3-4 Hyper-V VMs  open at all times doing some tasks (not extremely intensive), but in the same time do my day to day stuff, sometimes gaming (World of Warcraft for example, not 4k games). This is what I came up with and fits my budget:   X399 AORUS XTREME AMD X399 (SOCKET TR4) DDR4 E-ATX MOTHERBOARD  £450.00  RYZEN THREADRIPPER 32-CORE / 64-THREADS 2990WX 4.20GHZ (SOCKET TR4) PROCESSOR - RETAIL  £1,628.00  EVGA SuperNOVA 1200 P2 80+ PLATINUM, 1200W ECO Mode Fully Modular NVIDIA SLI and Crossfire Ready Power Supply 220-P2-1200-X3    £214.00  Samsung (MZ-V6E1T0BW) 1TB EVO PCI Express 3.0 x4 NVMe Solid State Drive £267.00  Corsair CMW32GX4M4C3200C16 Vengeance RGB PRO 32 GB (4 x 8 GB) DDR4 3200 MHz C16 XMP 2.0 Enthusiast RGB LED Illuminated Memory Kit, Black    £328.00  NZXT CA-H442W-M1 Mid Tower Computer Case - Black    £137.00  Cooling £500.00 Nvidia 1080 Ti  £600.00 Total   £4,124.00  I haven’t built a PC in years and I am not up to date with nowadays technologies so I have few questions:   If I want to go for 64 GB RAM should I do 4x16 or 8x8? Is 3200MHz ok? Or should I go for faster speed \ better latency? Please advise. Is this Mid Tower case big enough for the board and GPU? Or for future additional components like another GPU In the future I want to go for SLI and I think 1080 Ti will still be good in the next few years, what do you think? Cooling is from EK, but I really have no clue which kit to choose, but I don’t want to pay more than £500 for it.   Uses for this PC: 1-2 blockchain nodes for development, video editing (not professional level), web\ MS Win 10 development, some VMs with different network appliances like Netscalers for testing and finally some gaming. I used Azure cloud as well, but it gets expensive.  Feel free to give an opinion on what you would change in this build.  Thanks
The last known upgradable MBP is mid-2012 release.  MBP MID-2012   *2.9GHz I7-3520M up to 3.6GHz *16GB DDR3 1600MHz RAM (Upgrade from 4GB) *128GB SSD (Upgrade from HDD) *1TB HDD (Replaced CD ROM) *HD Graphics 4000 *13.3" 1280x800 NON-RETINA DISPLAY *Supports MacOS Mojave 10.14 (I believe that 10.15 will not support this release anymore as 10.14 drops support on MBP 2011). *Costs around 750USD (Upgrades included).   MBP MID-2017   *2.3GHz I5-7360U up to 3.6GHz *8GB LPDDR3 2133MHz RAM *128GB SSD *Iris Plus Graphics 640 *13.3" 2560x1600 RETINA DISPLAY *Supports MacOS Mojave 10.14 (Probably will support updates in the next 5 years) *Costs around 1,220USD   I am only planning to use it on software/mobile application (Android & iOS)/website development. Do you think newer MBP is worth it? I don't really care about the display that much.
I'm looking to upgrade my computers graphics from integrated graphics to a dedicated graphics card. My question is two fold:   Is this the PCI Express slot? With an AMD A10-7800 Radeon R7, 12 Compute Cores 4C and 8GB RAM, what would you recommend as an ideal graphics card to run let's say Civ 6 on high settings?
I would like to buy an Android phone for gaming under 15000 rupees ($250). The budget can be increased slightly if the phone has better features.   I would like to play Player Unknown's Battlegrounds(PUBG), Clash of Clans, Clash Royale, Instagram, Facebook, WhatsApp Performance for medium graphics gaming or higher  Type-C port Good battery life (4000 mAh) 2 sim, 1 SD Card port, non hybrid sim. Android 8, Full HD Display Able to purchase in India    Any suggestions with the specifications are most welcome.
I live off the grid, with an office powered only by solar panels. My main work machine currently is a Macbook Pro. For various reasons, I want to ease off it and build a small, extremely energy-efficient desktop workstation. It would be in use about 10 hours during a typical day, with many spikes in resource usage (programming, desktop publishing, Photoshop, but no 3D, so decent on-board graphics might be sufficient).  I may have to take the workstation on travels a couple times a year so it should be compact. There is a specific, very good-looking fanless case that I would like to use that comes in Mini ITX format.   I understand things well enough to make informed energy-efficient choices re CPU, storage, etc., but the choice of mainboard remains a puzzle! Apparently, they all tend to consume 35-50 Watts while idling.   MSI offers the H100M Eco which promises an idle consumption of 16 Watts, but its form factor is Micro ATX!   Any ideas would be welcome.
I'm looking for a high luminosity tolerant USB camera.  I'm working on a project in which I have to install a small USB camera in a surgical illumination device. The objective is to stream videos of surgeries to students in medical schools.  I'm currently working with an ELP-USBFHD06H-FV Sony Lens (http://www.webcamerausb.com/elpusbfhd06hfv-sony-lens-usb-with-webcam-p-198.html) camera. This camera works well under low luminosity, however when the illumination system is turned on some filtering must be applied to the video, such as exposure and brightness manipulation. This is where the problem arises: when the filtering is applied in the high luminosity scenario the image quality gets severely degraded (being the main issue the appearance of interference beats).  This quality degradation is the reason why I'm looking for a high luminosity tolerant USB camera. The luminosity measure under which I'm working is 140000 lux.  Can anyone recommend an USB camera the would work well under the given conditions?  Recommendations to other, more specialized, forums would also be appreciated.  Thank you!
I'm looking for a way to connect a mobile device to a generic computer device wireless.  Simply converting the normal micro usb / type c / lightning cable into a wireless micro usb / type c / lightning cable accordingly.  there shell be 2 dongles:  one USB type A which will be plugged to the PC / car, it will soak power from the PC, and transfer every I/O data from the USB to some 2.4GHz channel  the second one will have micro USB / type c / lightning port interface and operates the same.  and these devices will simulate being plugged by wire while actually the phone and the PC device aren't attached.  Visual motivative illustration:   In the above picture, theres comparison between old normal way (above) of connecting phone to a PC device using normal cable, just plugin each one and they communicate through the cable vs the new way (below) using two dongles, who simulate the same functionality but over the air.  Is there such a device out there in the market?
I'm looking for a Ultrabook with this characteristics:  Essential   8th or 7th generation of CPU. (i5, i7 or amd) Not more than 13"/14" of screen size. Very important the weight... i need to travel with him. 6 GB of ram or more. Not more of 1200-1300€.    These features are essential because I need this ultrabook to work, I do not need it for games, so the graphics card is not important for me, I am a developer and I need good hardware to work with Virtualbox, Eclipse, VisualCode, IntelliJ and similar...   Others   Good battery life, but i don't care about have more than 9 hours, with 6 or more it's okay. I don't' want a Microsoft surface or similar products. I don't need a touch screen. In general, good opinions in internet about the model.   Some reference models: Asus Zenbook 3, Dell Xps 13, some Thinkpad... I'm looking for a good argumentation for help me to decide abaout all Ultrabook offers and this argumentes based in a experience working with the model.
For personal reasons I would like to use a phone that does not have wifi capabilities (beyond just turning wifi on/off). On the surface, that would limit my choice to flip phones and the like, but I would dearly miss the camera and mp3 player.  Therefore I'd like to ask: Can  one typically remove the wifi antenna from a phone and keep using it for all other purposes? Also removing data capabilities would be a plus, but not if this would remove phone signal entirely. If this is only possible on certain phones, does anyone have a recommendation for one with a decent camera?  Thanks very much for entertaining my (probably unusual) question.
I have a Macbook Pro (13 inch, two Thunderbolt 3 ports) connected to two external monitors. I'm looking to purchase a GPU to sit in an eGPU enclosure (the AKiTiO node) purely to be able to support more external monitors. So I don't need the GPU to be especially performant (right?), just to be able to support e.g. 4 external monitors, not of an especially high resolution.  So my questions:   Will a Thunderbolt-3 connected eGPU really allow me to use multiple monitors through it? I know it can at least support 1 (at the cost of one thunderbolt port anyway) Is GPU performance really unimportant here if I'm only displaying e.g. desktop applications (e.g. text editors) on the external monitors? What GPU would you recommend?
I want play pubg mobile on pc at 60 fps and smoothly without any lag. I think to buy an 8 Gb ram cpu with 1 Tb memory and I am confused which processor and graphics card to buy for comlplete 60 fps gaming but I want to buy the cpu under ₹ 30000 or $ 450.
I am currently working on a DIY project to remove all visible wires from my desk  I want to remove my backlight keyboard cable and I need this project to remain cheap (I don't want to buy a $200 battery powered backlight keyboard)  I will put a wireless charger inside my desk (dig a hole with a router and fill it back), make the wire go underneath and buy a cheap wireless power to USB converter (here)  Now I'd like to use this charger to power the keyboard AND a wireless transmitter, and plug the receiver to my PC (same as a cheap wireless mouse)  Question is : does such converter exist ?  Thanks
I've been reading up on VRMs, heatsinks, et al. on modern boards (e.g. b450, x470), and I'm a bit lost.   The 2700x, as you know, has XFR and can make use of PBO, and according to reports, this means that manually overclocking is basically a thing of the past.   However, most boards, if you listen to at least some of the pros, have an insufficient power setup to properly supply the 2700x through to it's best (4.3ghz). Add to this that some makers, like MSI, don't have voltage offset, and it seems to me that you have yourself a problem that I don't know how to solve. This is in addition to concerns about thermal walls (e.g. the board will be your limit).   What I'm wondering is, if a builder has a 2700x, requires wifi+bt and a decent sound option, and will be running a fairly hot card (let's say an rx580 as they are popular), is there a way to optimize for this type of setup?
What I'm looking for is something like a flight controller panel with customizable (makros) toggle switches similar to the ones found in airplanes.   Not sure if this is in scope but I found nothing on google...
Lots of information out there but hard to get some help!  I need a patch panel (at least 16 ports) for a cat6a home network (shielded cables) but what type of patch panel!  I don't expect to move the panel, cables or to use any type other than ethernet after installing it but you never know.  So what type of patch panel would be the most appropriate?   punch-down (something like https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B01MR4WL2B/ref=psdc_430573031_t1_B07DCRR1HN) feed through coupler keystone (https://www.amazon.co.uk/kenable-CAT6A-SHIELDED-Through-Coupler/dp/B07951JXCN/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1541028761&sr=8-3&keywords=patch+panel+cat6a) punch-down keystone with a keystone frame (https://www.network-cabling.co.uk/store/product_info.php/excel-port-unloaded-black-keystone-frame-p-2201)   I am planning to buy some faceplate and shielded keystone cat6a ready for 10G.  I am aware that the keystone solution will be slightly expensive however for only 16 ports I am not sure it will make a huge difference.  Any recommendation for the type of panel the most suited for my situation?
It would seem to be physically possible to fit dozens of m.2 slots on a motherboard.  Why can't I find a motherboard with more than 3?   Surely servers would have a use case for more than 3 m.2 ssds?
I am considering purchasing 2 Xeon 2667v2 CPUs to use in a dual CPU board. The spec page (click on "Ordering and Compliance" on the left) only lists a single step level:    Does that mean that I don't need to worry about purchasing a "matched pair" of CPUs, and that any two of these CPUs should work in a dual CPU board?
I am looking for a mouse which can be used wired (so data transfer via USB cable is possible) which has the option of a freely spinning mouse wheel and a secondary, horizontal wheel (not buttons for horizontal scrolling).  So far I found the Logitech MX master/ Logitech MX master 2S office mice, but they seem to be only available with wireless data transfer. Otherwise they would be very nice, I had one of those under my hand in the shop.  I also fount the madcatz R.A.T. 5 and madcatz R.A.T. 7 gaming mice, but no information if they have free wheeling option for the vertical wheel. Do they?  Can anyone recommend a mouse with those specifications?  I want to use them for office, so gaming features are not needed (though not bad, either, if the mouse is good).
I'm newbie with pc-building and I found the gigabyte's page of the product this:     1 x M.2 connector (Socket 3, M key, type 2242/2260/2280/22110 SATA and PCIe 3.0 x4/x2 SSD support)   * Supports only M.2 SATA SSDs when using an AMD Athlon™ 200-series/ 7th Generation A-series or Athlon™ APU.   And now my question is: Does that note mean that I can only use  M.2 SATA when I have an Athlon and if I have ryzen only PCI-E? Or maybe that it doesn't support PCI-E with Athlon and with ryzen both? I have an M.2(B+M) SSD that should support both, but I'm not sure if it will be compatible with a ryzen 2600X.
I want to get a smart watch for productivity purposes. I already have an android phone, and an ipad.  Things I want to use the watch for:   stream/store audio files (podcasts, audiobooks, etc) e.g. spotify, soundcloud, audiobook player, etc. timers for productivity: (tabata timer, pomodoro timer, reminders, alarms) optional: calendar, and possibly other productivity apps.  ideally health/sleep tracking, but optional. no email, no facebook, no messaging apps, no distractions.   Are there reasons for me to go for apple watch vs an android watch or vice versa, given that I have an android phone and ipad? What model(s) would work for me?  ps. I have no budget (i.e. price is not a constraint).
Looking for a recommendation from users who personally tested some laser rangefinders (laser-tape). (So do not want recommendations based on the device specifications - (marketing blabla))  Criteria:   mostly for indoor use (so, max. range not need be more as 40m) wanted accuracy (and precision too) max. +- 2mm (would be better even less, 1.5mm or 1mm) must have this accuracy at LOW DISTANCE (let say above 50cm)   The low distance accuracy is the crucial point, because all tests what I saw says, that the laser rangefinder is accurate only at distances above 2 meters or like. At lower distances usually the measuring error is even 5 - 10 mm or more. So, let say if I want measure the inner width of my doorway (78.4cm) want get accurate result (max.) +- 2mm.  Would be nice to also have   trigonometric calculations continuous measuring mode low-cost (Chinese OK)   but the low-range accuracy is the really needed feature.
I'm currently looking to buy a new Windows tablet for drawing. The problem is that I couldn't find an affordable tablet without any pen lag. The only tablets I know that have low lattency when drawings are the iPad 6 and iPad Pro. Are they any affordable windows tablet that has no significant pen lag ?
I am looking for a ~24-inch computer monitor that is as light as possible.  The computer monitor just needs to have at least the basic features:   1920x1080 resolution or higher HDMI/DVI/VGA/USB/display port/etc. are all fine   Pricewise I don't have any hard limit: the main criteria is really the weight.  Bestbuy doesn't have any option to filter by weight.    I have crossposted the question at:   https://qr.ae/TUhSxp https://redd.it/9xu713 http://www.tomshardware.com/forum/id-3824037/ultralight-inch-computer-monitor.html#21493048   FYI, if you're interested in ultralight computer monitors because you are traveling: What solutions exist for having two large computer screens available at each destination when traveling by plane?
I'm looking for a power cable bit I cant't find the reference of this cable.   The product is the sb26 Harman Kardon, the boomerspeaker
I'm interested in getting the pressure of the touch on smartphones. As far as I know there are no current available smartphones with built in touch pressure sensors (force touch). The only devices I know are the Huawei Mate S (force touch version) which is no more available.  The touch pressure can also be inferred through the contact area. I have also read that some of the devices are just returning 1 using event.getPressure (). This is also true for Galaxy Note 4 (I have this phone).  Is there a list of smartphones which provide reasonable values for event.getPressure()?
As we know some laptops come with soldered cpus. In most cases same laptop has different variants of it e.g. one comes with i5-7300hq and other with i7-7700hq. Those cpu's are same generation. My questions are: Do two same generation soldered cpu's come with same contact pad array? Could one solder off more powerful cpu and solder it on motherboard who had same generation slower cpu? And WOULD IT WORK? e.g. soldering off i7-7700hq of donor board and soldering it in place of i5-7300hq
I want to clean my ASUS 15.6" (16:9) LED backlit FHD (1920x1080) 60Hz Anti-Glare Panel with 45% NTSC display. can anyone tell me the right way to do this. thanks.
Between this 4 CPUs, which one is the best for a lot of image editing/compression/optimization?  -Intel Core i7-2600K 3.40GHz -Intel Xeon E3-1230v2 3.30GHz -Intel Xeon E3-1270v2 3.50GHz -Intel Xeon E3-1225v6 3.30GHz  I'm looking into renting a server that would be constantly performing image editing tasks in the background 24/7. I'm between those 4. Any ideas?
I own this laptop for 4 years more or less and it wasn't always charming but lately I had to work with Xamarin in Visual Studio and I got to realize that it is really slow.  Right now I have a 6GB Ram and will probably add a couple more to get 8GB. Will it make a significant difference ?  What others upgrades would you advise me to improve it's performance ? I would very much appreciate if you could specifically say what new parts should i get.
My motherboard just died on me, and I am wondering if I should just stick to the same kind of motherboard (AM3+). If i do I would be able to reuse the cpu, ram, and psu for a bit longer. Is it even worth it to keep using the CPU and RAM, or should I just upgrade to another kind of motherboard and get a newer CPU? Is AM3+ obsolete at this point? If I should upgrade, what should I upgrade to for the motherboard and CPU?  I mainly use the computer for gaming (at medium to high settings) and a bit for light programming work.   My Current specs are: CPU:          AMD FX-6300 6 core - Motherboard:  AsusTek M5A78l-M/USB3 - AM3+ - GPU:          NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 3gb -  OS:           Windows -  RAM:          DDR3 -  SSD:          Samsung SSD 860 EVO 500 GB -  PSU:          EVGA 600W -  OS:           Windows 10
As there any headphones (open or semi-closed) that can amplify the noise around instead of canceling it? I like to bike with the headphones on, but I need to hear the traffic around. I used earbuds before, but they are easy to lose and not that comfortable.  The best implementation I'd love to have is where I can smoothly control the configuration between full active noise-cancelling and noise-amplification.  They should be also wireless.
We're preparing an exhibition and I'd like to know what are the chances of interference between individual exhibitors.  I know that:  Vive Pro can use up to 16 Base 2.0 stations  Vive Pro can use Base 1.0 stations  Vive can't use Base 2.0 stations  Vive can only use 2 Base 1.0 stations - if it catches a signal from a third one, nuclear meltdown ensues.  I would like to know what happens when:  Vive Pro that is tracked by Base 2.0 stations accidentally detects signal from Base 1.0 station  Vive is that is tracked by Base 1.0 stations in the signal of Base 2.0 station - I know it can's use their signal, but can it cause interference?  Any experience?
Can anyone recommend a budget/value 34inch 4k monitor mostly for business but also some light strategy gaming.  Also, do I need anything else? Like a 4K HDMI cable? Will it function with a typical business laptop? (probably integrated graphics, can they drive 4k?)  Anyone have any experience going up to a 34inch for coding and work? I've read its amazing on blogs, but curious if its worth the price tag.  Thanks for the help.  LM
So i'm thinking of purchasing a DELL XPS 15 with a screen resolution of 15.6" 4K Ultra HD (3840 x 2160).  I already have a very nice DELL Ultrasharp 27 inch monitor with a screen resolution of 2560 x 1440.  I did the research and i believe it's better to use the USB type-c (laptop) to DP (monitor) to connect both instead of the USB type-c (laptop) to HDMI (monitor).  Is this correct? Is DisplayPort 1.2 better then HDMI to connect a laptop to a monitor?  If yes, my monitor comes with a mini DP... Should i use the USB type-c (laptop) to mini DP (monitor) instead of DP 1.2?  Also, what is the negative points of having to different resolutions connected? I guess i just want to make sure that i'm making the right decision before investing on a expensive laptop. Thanks all.  For more info, here are the connectivity specs from my DELL Ultrasharp U2715H:  Connectivity 2 HDMI(MHL) connector 1 Mini DisplayPort 1 DisplayPort (version 1.2) 1 DisplayPort out (MST) 1 Audio Line out (connect your speakers) 5 USB 3.0 ports - Downstream (4 at the back, 1 with battery charging) 1 USB 3.0 port - Upstream
I need a printer that I can keep in my car in the hot summer months, for making copies of important documents such as contracts, that I frequently have to turn in.  I already have a portable scanner which can scan to an SD card, and a SD-to-USB adapter.  So what I would need is probably a printer that:   Does not use InkJet technology, since ink dries up from the heat in the car.  Technologies I've found that can work: Laser, Dye Sublimation, Thermal Wax Transfer, Direct Thermal, maybe some others? Can print at least on at least 4"-wide paper (at least 5" is strongly preferred) Can run off of a battery.  Or at least, have a DC input, so I can connect an external battery to it. [preferred] Can print off of a USB stick or a memory card, so I don't have to get another scanner.  In general, might be worth mentioning, printing over which of the following it supports: PC, Mac, USB, SD, WiFi, BlueTooth, PictBridge.   Also, things that I don't care about, but might be important for others in this situation, so it might be worth mentioning if you know:   Can it print in color? What paper / ink does it use, to help gauging the cost per page? Maximum length of an image it can print. Number of seconds it takes to print a single maximum-size picture. How frequently does it jam / have other technical issues?
I have a bunch of different types of NiMH rechargeable batteries from when I was a kid (from GameBoy, etc.), and I wanted to use them to the full before taking them to be recycled.  The problem is, some of the AAA's are so old their capacity is now only 200-350mAh; others are still at 800mAh like new; same scenario with the AA's.  While attempting to solve the problem of charging without destroying them, I attempted to use various chargers, which all had one or more of the following deficiencies, which are bad for the number of battery cycles:   The minimum charging current is too big, e.g. 200mA.  For the weakest batteries, this is equivalent to charging at C/1 or at C/2, which is very bad for the batteries. The charger does not terminate charging until the battery is very overcharged.  I am talking about a Delta V of approximately 0.04V or higher.  Others don't terminate charging, period (e.g. the cheap CC timer-shutoff chargers).  Over-charging the batteries also destroys them fast. When the batteries have been inactive for a long time, they tend to display large negative Delta V shifts the first couple hours of charging, which causes smart chargers to think they are charged when they are not.  As a result, I have had to restart charging about 5 times, before giving up.  There should be a way to override the default termination behavior, and charge the batteries while ignoring these negative shifts.   Right now, I've measured the capacity of all my batteries, grouped them, and to charge them I attached multiple battery holders in parallel to a charger that outputs a high charging current.  The disadvantages are:   The negative Delta V doesn't show up until all batteries are overcharged, since the batteries are in parallel.  This means that I must have a timer set to when I know these batteries will be fully charged, and manually unplug the charger.  This "fully charged" time varies from battery to battery. As one of the batteries becomes weaker, the current disproportionately flows to this battery, destroying it even further. As I use the batteries, their capacity changes; I have to periodically check their new capacity, and always keep track of the current capacity, to make sure they are grouped correctly. If there are too few batteries of a given capacity, they cannot be used until another battery falls within their range.   In short, it's a large headache.  I would like to purchase something that can charge them individually.  I don't care about the price as long as it's reasonable (e.g. not more than $150), and I can probably buy two chargers to be used for different batteries -- as long as they don't have the problem #1.
Time to upgrade my desktop PC, which - unlike most people - I do very rarely, which also means that I'm currently quite out of practice with buying new HW.  My computing and graphics needs are not great, so the only reason to upgrade is software's ever growing need for memory. My current PC is now 10ish years old and it reached its 16GiB RAM limit years ago. The OS I run is Fedora 28 (usually upgraded by 2 versions at once), I have 2 WD's 4TiB SATA disks in it (WDC WD4003FZEX-00Z4SA0 and WDC WD40EZRX-00SPEB0), and it's all packed in a very traditional midi tower case.  I prefer to not buy a completely new computer, but only replace the components. Therefore, my major aim is a new motherboard with some serious RAM support, a decent CPU (I'd consider two if not too expensive), and anything I'm forced to replace/add to the mix.  I found ASUS Z10PE-D16 WS, which should be possible to upgrade with more memory for many years. Right now, I'd likely go for 2xCrucial CT64G4LFQ4266 DDR4 64 GB LRDIMM and buy more when this becomes too little. I don't insist on 1 TiB RAM support on the motherboard, but 256 GiB or more would be very welcome.  My first question is: would the above work OK together, on Fedora? Further, are there better suggestions (for example, cheaper ones that don't perform significantly worse), while maintaining upgradeablity of RAM, to avoid the hassle of motherboard shopping in long term.  The second question is obvious: whatever the motherboard suggestion is, which CPU would you suggest with it? I'm looking for a nice balance of power and price since, like I said above, I don't need high-end computing power.  Once the above is decided on, I also need to decide about graphics. I have no interest in high end gaming/rendering GPU, but I do need decent support for 2 screens (Dell U2311H; each supports VGA, DVI-D, and DisplayPort). My current motherboard (HP 3647h) has this built in, but it seems that it's now considered wiser to have a separate graphics card, and most people seem to think that AMD works best with Linux. My third question: what would be a good recommendation in this department?  Last, but not least, do I need to look for a new power supply, or my 10 years old one should work? If I need a new one, what would the recommendations be? My current one shows "not specified" for all fields provided by dmidecode --type 39, including the name and the manufacturer, and it's kinda hard to reach it at the moment.  Bonus points: it'd be nice if all of the recommended stuff was available on AmazonUK, since I feel quite confident with their return policy.
BACKGROUND: Why I want to do this (so that I don't get "just upgrade your phone" answers)  In the absence of being able to upgrade, I would live with the S5 forever. I have a backup S5 so I can continue using this phone forever. It's already been 3 or 4 years and this phone has at least 5 years left if not more, and if it ever broke I would just switch to my backup S5.  I do NOT want to "upgrade" to a worse operating system. I HATE all the new operating systems, yes I tried both an S7 with Nougat and an s9 with Oreo. I hated them so much I went back to my S5 and I was 1000x happier with the S5 despite the faster speeds of the newer phones.  IF I could get an S8 or S9 with KitKat (Android 4.4) then I MIGHT consider it, however, I hate the unremovable battery and also I hate the glass back which is at constant risk of breakage (and I HATE using phone cases which make the phone thicker and heavier).  In reality, this is not going to happen. Google is not going to allow KitKat to be installed on newer phones.  UPDATE/EDIT: I realized more info regarding this. It isn't just up to Google to allow it. Actually, KitKat was specifically designed to work on 32-bit systems. (S5 is 32-bit) So, without redesigning KitKat into a new OS, or copying KitKat's UI design on a 64-bit custom ROM, you cannot use KitKat on 64-bit phones; and most if not all newer phones are now 64-bit systems. Therefore, this is why for example the S7 can only have as low as android 5.0, since S7 is 64-bit, and Lollipop is the first android to support 64-bit**.      **Ref: Lollipop is the first android to support 64-bit   So, KitKat will never come to newer phones for this reason alone. See below quote:     Android 4.4 requires a 32-bit ARMv7, MIPS or x86 architecture   processor (latter two through unofficial ports),[243][244] together   with an OpenGL ES 2.0 compatible graphics processing unit (GPU).   Source     My S5 is perfect for my needs, it is configured exactly how I want it and I don't want to change ANYTHING - except maybe just the ram and internal memory.    Anyway, I already know you CAN replace internal soldered memory and RAM.  Yes, it takes skill. Yes, it isn't cheap.  No, it is not more expensive than buying a new phone (upwards of $1,000 for the newest phones). But even if it cost the same I would prefer to have my S5 with the same RAM as the newer device at the same cost.  I would pay the money to upgrade to a bigger RAM chip to make my S5 speedier and multitask more. Although, if the chip wasn't available I would prefer to live with the S5 as-is rather than downgrade to a newer version OS or newer phone.  Ideally I want 4GB+ RAM. I'd love to have 8GB RAM in my S5.  UPDATE/EDIT: I have realized one thing. The maximum RAM is 4GB, due to the hardware limitation of the 32-bit system of the Galaxy S5 with Snapdragon 801 CPU. Not only that, but as noted above, KitKat only supports 32-bit OS, so both  hardware and software prevent the Galaxy S5 from having more than 4GB of RAM IF you retain 4.4 KitKat. If you put in at least Lollipop (64-bit supported)  AND a new 64-bit processor, then you could put more than 4GB of RAM, but that would defeat the purpose since KitKat is a primary reason for keeping the S5.   Please be aware that comments trying to talk me out of it are pointless and a waste of your time, so I only want actual answers and not people trying to talk me out of it as I will only ignore it and not read it.  p.s. I tried the software RAM solution (it's called RAM Expander) and added the 4GB of ram which is just on the memory card and not real ram. Unfortunately, it does NOT speed up the device. So the only way to upgrade RAM is by swapping the soldered RAM chip.  So my question:  What RAM chips are required to be compatible with S5, where can I find them, and what is the maximum compatible RAM?    Enjoy this diagram which includes labels of each element.    It looks like this diagram answers part of my own question which is that the particular RAM chip is called Elpida FA164A2PM. So that should help you with answering the questions above.  Here is the other side of the motherboard.      More Info:  Galaxy S5 G900V Specs (Your exact device may vary)  My particular device, which is the G900V which is the Verizon Galaxy S5, contains 2GB LPDDR3, which from the diagrams above appears to be specifically Elpida FA164A2PM.  It also contains a Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 MSM8974-AC (28nm) 32-bit chipset. This Snapdragon is a SoC, and this one contains the CPU: 2.5Ghz Quad-Core Krait 400.  The RAM is separate from the Snapdragon. As evidence, the Official Snapdragon 801 page on Qualcomm site shows that no RAM is inside the Snapdragon (SoC).  Therefore we can be certain that RAM is not located physically inside the processor/SoC. It is indeed a separate, independent element.  However, from the diagram it is possible that the RAM may be "layered above" the processor (physically positioned on top of it), although I cannot confirm this latter assertion as it's only a guess. All I can know for sure is that the RAM is independent and therefore can be independently replaced.    To reiterate my questions above:   What RAM chips are required to be compatible with S5 Where can I find them, and What is the maximum compatible RAM (note: as updated above, the 32-bit system puts a hardware limitation of 4GB, and so does KitKat which is only 32-bit, so keep that in mind)
I have an HP Omen X laptop 17.3"  The "E" key came off as I was foolishly trying to remove to clean a spec of food underneath. In doing so, the plastic component which connects the key to the laptop broke and I need a replacement. Customer support only offers to replace the whole keyboard which seems quite excessive to me.   Specifically, the perimeter of the hole which allows the plastic to "hook" onto the laptop has broke.  Where might one find a spare plastic "foot" for a particular laptop's keyboard?
Wireless AD now has a 60GHz frequency band.  Because of its immense bandwidth, I'd like to measure, how much ElectroMagnetic Radiation I am exposed to when I am in its vicinity.  However, the EMR safety superstore does not have anything that can measure over 18GHz.  After searching around on the internet, even the most sophisticated, computer-linked spectrum analyzer only has capabilities up to 20GHz.  Ironically, their company has an antenna which can amplify signal up to 35GHz, in order to help EMR measurement devices determine, where the signal is coming from.  Still nowhere close to the 60GHz though.  So few similar questions:   Is there any spectrum analyzer that can measure frequencies higher than 20GHz? Is there anything that can measure at least up to 35GHz, making full use of their antenna? Is there anything that can measure Wireless AD signal strength?  I read abstracts of articles where its levels were measured, but I don't have access to the articles themselves, to see how these levels were measured.
I am looking for an ultrabook or a lightweight laptop to replace my old Lenovo.  The main applications I use are development (Mainly in number crunching and Machine Learning, for the intensive applications), the Adobe suite (especially premiere pro, after effects and photoshop), and a few old games. The rest is mostly a matter of taking notes and web browsing. I operate a dualboot to optimize all of those tasks.   My minimum requirements are 12Gb of RAM, a small GPU, and enough memory to be comfortable, with a SSD being a plus. I'm more of an AMD fan as far as CPUs are concerned but I'm sadly unable to find any laptop coming with Ryzen CPUs.   Oh, and as I intend to carry it around quite a lot, 13-14" screens are almost mandatory.   I don't want to spend over 1,200$ - except maybe for an outstanding config.   I came across the Asus UX410UF-GV049T, which has an 8th gen Intel Core i7, a 1 Tb HDD, a 256 Gb SSD, 16 Gb of RAM and a Nvidia GeForce MX 130 2G, with a sale making it worth just 1,000$ ; should I go for it or do you have a better option to propose ? I intend on keeping it at least 4-5 years si I'd like to have a second opinion :)   Thank you for your time,  Frost
I'm looking into gaming laptops and when I look at reviews for ones I'm interested in assuming they list the model number I often find the last 2-3 characters are different. It's also common on online stores to have slightly different model numbers. For example: Acer Predator Helios 300 PH315-51-785A on Micro Center and Acer Predator Helios 300 Gaming Laptop PH315-51-78NP on Amazon, and countless examples of just saying Acer Predator Helios 300 and giving the release year. It's all so confusing. Are there any portions of the string i can ignore. As far as I can tell the PH315 is important. I also noticed the 785A had a 512 gb ssd while the 78 np had a 218 gb ssd.
I often have adverse health effects when sitting behind a monitor for more than a short period of time.  I am interested in finding out, what exactly it is that's affecting me.  For example, I have certain monitors behind which adverse health effects start after 15 minutes -- even if it's couple feet away; others take a couple hours to kick in.  By measuring different aspects of these monitors, I was hoping to be able to zero in on, what exactly it causing these effects.  The first thing I was planning to do was, to measure the frequency of the screen flicker by hooking up a photodiode to an oscilloscope.  However, I do not expect the results to be very different from, say, a regular LED lamp.  On the other hand, LED lamps do not affect my health adversely -- so, it is probably only certain wavelengths which affect me adversely.  So the other thing that I would need is, a spectrometer to measure the light from the monitor, to see which frequencies occur how often.  Preferably, it should be something that can be adapted to tell me the frequency also -- but even a regular spectrometer I'll take.  The only types of spectrometers I've been able to find either measure the spectrum of liquids, gases, or give only the single highest frequency.  I am not familiar enough with spectroscopes to know, whether any of these types can be adapted to measure visible light.  No budget limit right now, just a matter of seeing whether it's possible.
The mail people where I live are very careless.  When I ship packages, unless I purchase insurance or send through registered mail, the packages tend to get lost very often.  The postal worker who receives packages even tells me, Are you  sure you want to send this as parcel post?  If it gets lost, you'll have no recourse, even though it has tracking...  I am tired of having to pay $6 to send a letter as insured.  Doesn't help that FedEx and UPS cost even more.  They always get lost locally, and cannot be found despite having a tracking number.  I suspect that they toss these letters in the trash, because they want people to purchase insurance.  Is there a GPS device I can put in a letter to mail, so that if it gets lost again, I can find where exactly it is, and file a complaint?  Features I need:   Free or very low-cost tracking available, possibly with my data SIM. Can last 2 days on a battery: so that if it gets lost, I can find it. Relatively lightweight (first-class is 13 oz. max, so I want to fool them into thinking it's just a package like the ones I usually send).   Most GPS devices out there have (2) but not (1).  This unit I found has (1), but its battery lasts 7-8 hours.
I'm looking for a proper replacement card (or cards) for my current R9 290X cards. I currently run two of them in CF (three will not increase the performance significant, only the power consumption).  Current specs (with the R9 cards):   CPU: i7-8086K @ 5.00GHz (Delid) RAM: Corsair RGB 16GB DDR4 ASUS ROG Z370X Board BeQuiet 1kW PSU Samsung SSD 850   The card(s) should perform well (60 FPS+) with a 5760x1200 resolution, and should be able to handle games like "Shadow of the Tomb Raider" maxed out.  Can anyone recommend a card, or a CF/SLI setup?
What I want is to record a stereo input signal on a USB drive or SD card, without the use of a laptop.  The reason is I play in a rock band, and during rehearsals it would be nice to be able to record the output of our mixing device. We don't need all 16 outputs, just a simple stereo mix will do (we have mic-ed/lined all singers/instruments).  I want a cheap solution (otherwise I can bring my laptop), but I see many dictaphones with microphones builtin, but not with a (stereo) audio input.
Can anyone recommend a good USB-C multifunction hub for use with a 2018 MacBook Pro? It has to be bus-powered, have ethernet, SD card, HDMI, hopefully VGA as well, audio out, and at least 2 USB 3 ports. Most of the models available with all these ports on amazon are from no-name distributors:  Here are 3, which are obviously the same model:  https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07GDHD3VC/  https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07GYBMQKD  https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07HR6Z8VF/  Oh, and this one, which is by a different manufacturer:  https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07DFNVWVB/  The OWC Travel Dock doesn't have enough ports, nor does the Kingston "Nucleum."
Basically searching for DoubleSight DS-10UT but bigger (13 inches seems ideal).  Requirements are following:   USB only, ideally signal and power in single cable. No HDMI/DVI/DSUB + USB, USB+Power is acceptable. Touchscreen without additional cables USB 2.0 compatible. USB 3 device backward compatible with 2, but at lower fps/resolution is still ok. VESA (Adapter is acceptable) Windows compatible.   Aside of DoubleSight, which is almost perfect aside of small size, I can't find device fitting all points. There is bunch of cool new devices from ASUS and similar, but touchscreen is rare and USB 3/USB C very common.  I am aware of USB graphic adapters and horrible ways of abusing tablets, but simplicity is preffered.
I'm seeking for a special type of additional keyboard.  Need a pool of 20-30 fully programmable keys on a couple (or more) of 'shifts'. USB connector. Black color.  I searched for POS keyboard and found something like the attached one, but maybe there are more suitable types or models.  Please advise something similar, but not gaming keyboard. And the budget is important too, the cheaper one is better.
I am looking for a cheap x86 machine for learning OpenStack and other crap and I was wondering if such a system exists. The system should meet the following requirements:   Under 100EUR including the price of RAM and "HDD" and VAT for items from outside EU if possible. RAM >= 2 GB (if price a bit higher, would like to have 4GB RAM). Compactable with ironic Must be able to run headless. Must be able to run non-custom Linux distributions and OpenBSD preferable.   I understand that there might be some other talks how to achieve what I want, if so, please paste me the URL to it.  Thank you.
I just got a new PC at work (HP Z2 with Win10 x64), but for legacy product support I need to maintain a legacy machine (Dell Optiplex 9010) with Windows 7 x64 and x86 as well. IT was having issues getting drivers for Win7 x86 and x64 for the new PC, so dual-booting isn't an option. So I need some sort of switching mechanism to go back and fourth and use the same keyboard. mouse, and monitors.   Traditionally, I would assume I'd use a KVM switch and be done with it. But I was thinking it'd be cool to get new monitors with DisplayPort 1.2 so I can daisy-chain my monitors and reduce cable clutter. As it is, I'm an embedded software engineer, so I've got plenty of loose wires and my desk will go from clean to this in a day if I'm not careful. But then in doing my research, with the rise of USB 3.0 and whatnot, it seems like KVM switches are giving way to display over USB. I'm seeing DisplayLink thrown around as well. I'm not sure how much can really be displayed over USB and how many monitors it'll really support and if I'm still limited by (or dependent on) my graphics card at all.  I'm not opposed to hardware upgrades (monitors, graphics card, etc). I actually need to replace one of my monitors, so I may as well replace both and get matching ones, I currently have two Dell P2411H monitors. The New PC has a NVIDIA Quadro P400 inside, old one has an AMD Radeon HD7570 (which I'm not opposed to upgrading if needed). But now I'm even seeing that DisplayLink operates over plain old USB2.0, I was thinking I needed to add a USB 3.0 card to the old PC to make it work.  I'm not doing anything graphics-intensive, I don't need 8K video and a monster graphics card and whatnot. Mostly trying to reduce cable-clutter as much as possible. Any help is appreciated.
I want to set up a special training room in the gym I work for, but being mostly a software guy, hardware is sometimes a mystery to me.  The idea is the following: have 3+ displays showing videos of how should exercises be performed, and have people in the class wearing Bluetooth-enabled heart-rate monitors and show their heart-rates on a separate display.  I was wondering what the best hardware for this would be:   I've done a lot of research, and it seems that one computer can only support up to ~12 Bluetooth devices connected at once. It seems I could have multiple Bluetooth adapters connected to one computer, but I couldn't find any consensus: could I then connect 12 Bluetooth devices for each USB adapter? I have no OS constraints at this point, but have a preference for MacOS or Linux. Would that work with either? I'd need to connect to ~3 displays to stream the exercise videos. Each display should show 3 separate videos. Since there are many exercises and they could be paired in any way, this means that each screen is going to be playing 3 videos at the time, min. resolution 720p. Assuming that I can't change that, what kind of hardware would I need for something like that? Would I need to add additional external GPUs for instance?   So, these are the only two requirements: OS and even budget (within reason) is not an issue. Any pointers?
We have an old Cisco 2900 router now. I've been tasked with finding a replacement for it. I'm looking for Cisco or Meraki routers, it should be able to do VPN, we're a medium sized company with about 50 people.  So far, I haven't been given a budget. I'm leaning toward the MX64 for now.
I have a Dell U2415 24.1" (16:10) display and I've very pleased with it, except this morning I found out one of the kids hit it with a pan and cracked its display panel.  Now I need to buy a new computer monitor and I was thinking of buying the exact same model, only I've stumbled upon this LG 29UM69G-B 29" (21:9) display at pretty much the same price and I'm tempted to buy it instead.  I've compared the specs of both monitors found them to be equivalent in most respects except the LG would give me a much bigger desktop at the same pixel size (~0.26cm if my calculations are right).  My only concern is that the LG seems too cheap?   My question is - Am I missing something in the comparison between the two displays? Is there some disadvantage in the LG display that explains its lower price compared to other 29" displays?
I am looking for a slim audio receiver which can configured and used without even having a TV (no dhmi output).  The reason for this is because I want to add it to my iMac 5K which has no way to display HDMI.  Primary use is to use output from computer (USB, optical or HDMI input) but clearly the hdmi-out from the receiver will not be connected to anything.  I know that most receivers can work like this to configure them you almost always need a TV.  I am looking for one that can be used fully headless including ability to update its firmware, sound calibration,... I do not want to buy a TV just to configure it.  If it would have a web (or ssh) interface it would be perfect.  PS. Please do not propose anything extra expensive, $1000 is top limit, in fact looking for something much lower price.
I currently have a mini tower containing an SSD, one 2TB HDD and one 3TB backup HDD. Thanks to this Stack site, I recently installed an Arctic Freezer 11 LP for a CPU cooler, which is now the only fan in my system apart from the one on my Corsair VS550 PSU (which faces backwards, towards the rest of the components).   I feel like I need an exhaust fan in there just to offset the high temperatures of my drives, the SSD in particular:    However, I know very little about coolers, so I'm unsure whether a back exhaust fan would be installed to the inside or the outside of my mini tower's back grill. If it's the former, then as well as fitting in the case's back grill size of around 10 CM/3.5 inches, the exhaust fan in question would also need to have a depth of less than one inch to prevent it colliding with the Freezer 11 CPU cooler.  To add to the conundrum, I'm on a low income, so the cheaper the proposed fan is the better.  TL;DR: I'm looking for the cheapest, quietest low-profile exhaust cooler that will fit in my PC.  Would really appreciate some help with this one, I understand there's a lot to consider.
So recently I bought a second hand 5.1 surround sound set for the bedroom. As it turns out random people online can't always be trusted and one of the outputs on the amplifier didn't work. The set in question is the SCS-140. Seeing as I have all the speakers already bought I don't feel like purchasing an entirely new set so I've been searching for a new amplifier. I came across a few but most didn't have the connectors required. My set has the clamps to clamp the cables in place, not the plug-in connectors. Please note that I don't know much about electronics or soldering to begin with so I wouldn't know where to begin soldering connectors to the cables. Would my best bet be to just buy an entirely new set or is there a good alternate amplifier (preferably with integrated subwoofer) to replace the one with the broken output?      I should add that the system will be hooked up to my desktop or my raspberry pi (which in both cases means an aux or digital audio connection). I should also note that I do have a sound card purchased for this system which I'm connecting it to.
I am looking for a laptop where I can program with CUDA ( so Nvidia is a must ). At the same time I want to make use of Optimus technology. Hence the processors should have a dedicated grapics chip as well. So does the Intel 8th generation already have inbuilt graphics chip?   I am asking this because none of the laptops specifications, that also boasts a Nvidia, specifies inbuilt graphics chip like Intel UHD 620. Under the graphics options, only one graphics chip ( Nvidia ) is seen and not two.  Which laptop is preferable, a U or a HQ or MQ? Is 8th Generation preferable over 7th Generation i7 ?   Most of the work is computer vision programming and matlab stuffs. So, high performance is a must.   The need of two different graphics chip is because, I have experienced that Nvidia itself requires substantial power and hence heats the notebook. In case only the inbuilt graphics card is used for small tasks such as movies etc, the fan should remain calm. Thats my hypothesis and do not know if its true or not.  Suggestions would be highly appreciatd.
I'm working on a DIY camera gimbal project, and I came across the issue of finding adequate brushless DC motor that:   Has enough starting and holding torque to lift and stably hold a 5kg mass when using a 60cm-length pulley Is fast enough to move that mass 1.25m/s Preferably costs under £25 ($32)   I've looked all over the internet on Amazon, Ebay, AliExpress, RS Components and more, but all I've found are things that have 5 times the specs I need, for 5 times the price, or things at £12 a piece but with half the specs. If there's some place I've missed, I'd really appreciate it if someone could help.  Thanks!
Looking for an MP3 player for a senior.  The ONLY use case is "turn on player on max volume, play 100% of mp3s in storage in default sequence until battery dies or turned off".  Features, in order of importance:   Built-in speaker with reasonable volume (absolutely required).  At least 4GB memory. Support for SD Cards preferred as nice to have. Decent play time (at least 4-6 hours per charge/battery). Does not matter if it requires recharging or changing batteries, but cannot be dependent on wall power fulltime. EASY controls. Preferably simple, big buttons, does not require complex manipulation like "press and hold for 2 seconds" to power up. Cost. Should be less than $50 and available in USA for shipping.   Do not care about:   Specifics of power. Can be batteries or rechargeable. As long as doesn't require wall power during use. Capacity/storage beyond 4GB. Nice to have but not needed. Screen is not required.  Bluetooth not required (actually prefer no BT as it drains battery) Complex functionality. See "Use Case" above. No need to skip, random, forward, show playlist, have directories/playlists, configuration, etc...    What have I Tried:   Sansa Shaker. Used to be cheap but couldn't find for less than $100 on Amazon lately.
I'm looking for a bluetooth headset which meets the following requirements:   primary use to talk on the phone, so audio quality must be good wind cancelling, so if I'm riding a bike and talking on the phone, the other person will be able to understand what i'm saying secondary use to interact with my phone (e.g. something like Google Assistant).   For point #2 I currently have a wind cancelling headset (up to 19mph), but audio quality isn't that great - sometimes I have people tell me they can't hear me even when I'm in a quiet room and switching to the phone mic immediately resolves the issue.  Point #3 is also important with regards to being able to instantly interact with my phone.  My current headset I have to tap a button, give a voice command which causes it to connect to the phone (assuming it doesn't think I said "cancel" which happens about half the time) and then there is about a 10 second wait until it connects.  By this time whatever thought I wanted to record I am likely to have forgotten or the number of times it said "cancel" instead of connecting has made me abandon the attempt completely.  Google Pixel Buds seem to have point #3, it appears they respond instantly and direct your audio to Google Assistant.  However, I have read mixed responses to whether they work in the wind and am thinking they may have issues on a bike at 20mph - although whether this is with hearing the other person or them hearing me is uncertain.
I use Ableton Live 10 with a fast computer and it was working well until I connected several MIDI drum machines (Roland 808, Roland 909). Then it started lagging because my ASIO driver does not have a good enough soundcard, presumably.   What should I buy? I presume it is my sound card that I need to upgrade. I have tried all the settings and the latency still appears when I connect the external instruments.   My budget is good, I can spend at least 1000 USD.
I've bought a new, high-performance, laptop  Dell Inspiron 15 Gaming 7577, some basic specs:   Model: The exact model number is 7577-92774 Service Tag: HG6D142, you can see the factory HW here:  Official Dell Support page - Configuration tab BIOS: Upgraded to the latest version (1.6.1) CPU: Intel© Core™ i7-7700HQ - 7th gen. = Kaby Lake RAM: 16GB single memory stick GPU: I disabled the integrated in the OS, and have NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 with Max-Q Design and 6GB GDDR5 active Network: The laptop is connected to my router via Cat.6 ethernet cable Display: UHD 3840 x 2160, 15.6 inches System: Linux Mint 19     This question is all about storage, current configuration:   SSD #1: M.2, NVMe PCI-Express, Toshiba, 512GB, KXG50ZNV512G (original part) SSD #2: 2.5 inches, SATA III, Samsung, 250GB, 850 EVO (replaced HDD with this temporarily)     Question  In spite of Dell's recommendation, I intend to replace both of these SSD drives. The question is not about if to replace them; it is about what to replace them for. I am an IT guy and use my computer 12 hours a day. I literally go for the best overall value and / or performance if the price limit allows it.  The price limit for both of these drives should be in total 10000 CZK ~= 385 EUR or 440 USD. I live in the Czech Republic, please take it into account and test in the beginning if the drive you are suggesting is available on our market, you can use for instance this page, which is my favorite: https://www.czc.cz/  The answer with the most upvotes will get realized.  Conditions for the answers:   Include suggestion for both of the drives in one answer. Formulate the suggestion and structure it well, take your time. It should include a direct link to https://ssd.userbenchmark.com/ A picture of the drive is welcomed for a better viewer experience. You should include a text explaining why that SSD is better for me, e.g. overall value, performance, etc.     Primary (NVMe) SSD will be used for the Linux system itself and performance-driven applications and games, while the secondary (SATA) SSD will be used for storing stuff like virtual machines, which I don't really need to run at peak performance and other data like thousands of pictures, some videos, etc.
I have seen benchmark results from Geekbench https://browser.geekbench.com/ and also from Passmarks. But I would like to see the benchmark results of a given model  (say Dell Precision with ... configuration). Where can I find these results?
MOBO  I don't fully understand all the subtle differences between different mobo models. I know 470x supports SLI and think b450 doesn't. I also know some mobo models have wifi, faster Ethernet and/or better sound and some have more USB ports/PCIE slots. Some even boast a better VRM heatsink (?), not sure if I should care? Also, some boards have negative core voltage and precision boost, I am guessing I shouldn't care cause these have to do with OC? Also, some VRMs are 10 phase (?) and some are 6 phase?  Because I don't care about audio and I don't need fast Ethernet or wifi and I don't understand why I should invest in VRM, I am thinking of buying this model: Asrock B450M-HDV. Q: Are there any serious disadvantages to it? I am buying it cause it got nice reviews and it's very cheap.  Is there any other important feature I'm missing that I might want to consider?  MEM  I am planning to purchase Flare X AMD compatible DDR4. I don't understand what this compatibility means? Should I care about it?     [Flare X (for AMD)] Designed for the latest AMD Ryzen™ processor.   I am buying the 2400Mhz model. How much oomph do you get by opting for the 3200Mhz model?  PSU  I am planning to juice this thing with Corsair RM550x. It should be sufficient. Why should I care about PSU rating like platinum/titanium/gold/bronze? Do they matter? Why would anyone buy the expensive ones?  My main question is how do you distinguish between components that you can't benchmark with 3dmark or cinebench? How do you know they are "better" budget options? How is it measured? What is the added value? How significant is it?  Purpose  The computer will be used for occasional Blender rendering, video editing and mild amounts of gaming. I don't have a budget constrain but I want to hit the sweet spot where you get the best value for your money.
I'm dealing with a 3.5 inch floppy drive and I'm curious if there's any way to get a USB drive's data directly into the place where the floppy drive would usually be inserted. Is there such a device?
I'm planning on adding an SSD to my old DELL Inspiron N5110, using a caddy to put the SSD there instead of the optical drive, but I don't know the size of the caddy that I should buy, 9.5mm or 12.7mm  My laptop's optical drive is a "TSSTcorp DVD+-RW SN-208BB", I searched all over the net and I didn't find it's size.  Is it a problem if I get a bigger or a smaller caddy?
I have decided afer a lot of research to get a GTX 1070 ti as a single GPU.  I will be using it for deep learning at home (I am a beginner and that's enough for me), and I want to get it to work on mining at the off time, at night ect.  what is the cheapest cpu that will get me the best results for mining and deep learning with a gtx 1070ti?  Thanks!
I'm fed up with home inkjet printers. We don't print often and, whenever we wanted to, we'd find the ink had dried up. It's not much of an exaggeration to say that we ended up buying a new set of cartridges every time we had a printing batch to do.  So I'd resolved to get a laser printer. But they're all huge and we have limited space. And mostly we print images and they need to be high quality - and I think I'm right in saying that laser printers are not ideal for this?  Now I'm in a quandary. There are so many printers, it's hard to find or search on their dimensions and after having so many bad experiences, I simply don't trust the manufacturers. I'd be willing to spend quite a lot of money - £300 or so - to get a printer I could rely on.   Here's what I need: - Can be relied on to work after 1-2 months without use - No more than 39cm deep - high print quality - (nice to have, not essential) paper casette, duplex  What printer can I trust?
Not so long ago I bought an iMac but the keyboard is in the Swiss QWERTZ layout and I absolutely hate it (the layout). I can't get accustomed to not having the tilde, curly brackets and square brackets on my keyboard. I this would like to change it.  I, however, like the format of the keyboard a lot (it's compact and it has 80 keys) and the fact that my hands don't hurt when using it.   Given that the price tag of a new Magic Keyboard is about 100 EUR (i live in Italy), which is not very low, I would like to get an alternative one, even maybe paying something extra. I like the Matias Laptop Pro but I can't find it in Italy, not for less that approx. 200 EUR, and it also have mixed reviews.   Some context:   Wireless or wired and wireless (Bluetooth is desirable but not mandatory). Compact format (similar to the Magic Keyboard or Mathias Laptop Pro). I need it to have the individual arrow keys and F row (it's useful for me on my mac). I don't want the numeric keypad, nor do I care much about PgUp, PgDn and Ins keys, though it would be useful to have Home, End and Delete.  Don't care much if it's backlit or not.  The quality must be good; mustn't last for 100 years but neither do I wish to change it next year. I'd avoid tenkeyless if I could; I'd prefer not to have the arrow buttons further to the right. if, however, I won't find another alternative I'll get a tenkeyless. Mechanical switches, not clicky, not very hard to press. Even if it's a Windows keyboard, should also work on a Mac. I want it for typing/coding, not for gaming.   During my research I found a few models but other than the fact that they cost a lot (more that 200 EUR), the reviews are mixed, and a lot of problems are reported (some keys stop working after a few, won't pair, etc.).   I am a novice in this and don't know much about keyboards so I turn to persons with more knowledge to guide me. Could you please help me find my keyboard?  Thank you!
I have a Lenovo ThinkPad 11e with an Intel Celeron CPU N2940 and 8 GB of memory (Crucial Single DDR3 1600 MT/s).  Intel's website states the Max Memory Size (dependent on memory type) is 8 GB, but I would like to have 16+ GB?  Because of that, I am considering getting a new 11.6" laptop, such as the Yoga models which come with 16 GB, but the RAM is soldered (which is a deal breaker), its CPU is only a dual-core (unlike Celeron's quad-core), and it has only 1 USB slot.  In a perfect world, I would like a 11.6" laptop that has memory extendible to 32 GB and all the physical plugins that are on the 11e (i.e., HDMI connector, Ethernet Connector, Media card slot, and 2 USB 3.0 connectors). I've searched dozens of websites and it seems that Lenovo ThinkPad 11e is the most suitable, except for the max 8 GB of RAM.
I have a very large collection of music. Over the years I have slowly put it all on my computer as .mp3 files. The entire library is about 360 GB and consists of about 150K separate tracks. My entire life, I have had a dream of putting all of my music on one portable device that I could listen to, like an iPod, and shuffle through all 150k songs without difficulty.  Unfortunately, I have yet to find such a device. I have tried many many different things, the most recent being the iBasso DX90, which had the capacity to hold all of the songs, but was unusable do to the massive amounts of lag.  My question is this: Does anyone know if there is a device that can do what I'm asking? If not, what are some of my other options to carry my entire library around without using multiple devices?  Thanks in advance.
Back in 2016, the LG (G) Stylus 2 was the first phone with a builtin DAB+ radio. It has now been discontinued. Are there any more recent mobile phones with DAB+ support? The newer LG models do not seem to have it.  I know that there are USB dongles for DAB+ reception with Android devices. This is not what I am looking for.
I love using trackballs on bed/couches as I don't need to worry about the surface at all. However, tablets are cutting down on usb-A ports and I don't want adapters hanging off my tablet so I'm looking for a Bluetooth trackball. It seems that the only options are the Logitech ergo mx and a Japanese trackball Nakabayashi. These are really expensive. Does anyone know if there are any cheaper alternatives?
A high school student with OCD needs a portable gadget that will display his Google Calendar (or something similar).  If it will allow him to update his calendar as well, that would be icing on the cake.  What it should not be able to do:   send a photograph look up information on the internet send or receive chat messages send email place or receive phone calls   How would it get updated calendar information?  Perhaps wifi, perhaps USB, perhaps infrared, perhaps some sort of syncing procedure -- I'm a little vague about this.  Perhaps an adult could do a twice a day sync with a computer.  Would a Personal Digital Assistant fit the bill?  Ideally it would be smaller than a laptop.  We've tried a laptop with child safety filtering -- he manages to find loopholes.  Help with tagging would be greatly appreciated.
I’ve found a product that I may want to purchase since I have spare M.2 SATA SSDs lying around:   StarTech.com PEXM2SAT3422   I’m hoping to find out if something better exists out on the market. Priorities:   Takes more than one M.2 SATA SSD Does not require additional data (SATA) cables to be connected to the motherboard Supports TRIM Has Spanning/RAID-0 mode (multiple SSDs seen as one device) Bandwidth of both drives combined   The Startech product mentioned before supports 1 to 5, but not all at once; RAID mode does not pass TRIM along to the underlying SSDs. So it seems that 3 and 4 are mutually exclusive there. The Startech 25S22M2NGFFR does support TRIM, but its bandwidth is gimped by the SATA interface, and it does not support TRIM for RAID-0 anyhow; spanning mode is counted as “RAID and StarTech says it does not support TRIM except in JBOD mode which is not what I want.
Instead of asking for a comparison of two laptops, list out your requirements, budget, and use case(s) and we will find the best laptop that fits your needs.   Requirement: large data set (>80GB), 17 inch monitor   Use cases: run Matlab, R, Python, SAS for computation  Budget: 2K-3K  Option 1: workstation laptop One candidate: Dell Inspiron 7500 (one system) has  OpenCL Score 113610 https://browser.geekbench.com/v4/compute/653552 Geekbench Score 14181 https://browser.geekbench.com/v4/cpu/7357889  Option 2: workstation desktop and remote access  Please advise.
I have this small form factor build that i need some low profile cooler for the CPU... The case can handle up to 155mm CPU cooler height. I'm more worried about not fitting it because of the placement of RAM and the distance of the rear fan.  Here are some picture of my build:  http://i199.photobucket.com/albums/a...psxsklyuz1.jpg  http://i199.photobucket.com/albums/a...psu3qamfel.jpg  Here is my motherboard for reference:  https://www.asus.com/ph/Motherboards/EX-H310M-V3/
I'm looking for a budget graphic tablet (something around £30) for my Ubuntu 18.04 OS. I can't get my current one (XP Pen G430) to work with Ubuntu. Which tablet brands have drivers that are well supported by Ubuntu?
Please recommend a TV that meets the following criteria:   Full HD resolution Has a USB port Has an HDMI port Reliably turns on by itself after a power outage (either at all times or only if the outage happened when the TV was on) Cuts power supply to its USB ports when it switches off Can be mounted on a wall   Smartness is not important, neither is the sound quality. Light weight is a plus, but otherwise the cheapest wins.  UK market.    Background:  We would like to buy several identical TVs to mount on walls to show non interactive dashboards.  Each TV would have its own Raspberry Pi 3 Zero W connected to its USB port for the power (the Zero W is so lightweight that 500mA from a USB 2.0 is plenty to power it) and its HDMI port for the video signal.  Each TV would be connected to a power socket with a timer, that would cut the power off during certain times of day. When the socket brings the power back on, the TV should start automatically, that powers on its USB ports, which switches the Raspberry Pi on, which provides the HDMI output for the TV to show.  We have done a proof of concept, it works exactly as we want, but the TV won't start automatically when the power comes back, so need to use the remote each time.  Researching this question on the Internet, I mostly see people complaining that their TV starts by itself when the power comes back, and in neither case it is clear whether it's actually a problem that the manufacturer would look into fixing or the intentional behaviour.
As a follow-up to the comment by @KevinVermeer   on his answer to this question - and a alternative to this other question, does anyone know of a USB<-> serial dongle that's capable of 9-bit data?  I am trying this a controller for the Multi-Drop Bus protocol for vending machines. Ideally, I want it to run on a cheap Single Board Computer, preferably a Raspberry Pi Zero W, but anything reasonably similar would be acceptable.   Note that the protocol requires true NINE data bit transfer and, despite assurances elsewhere, I had had no success with bit-banging, fudging the parity bit or the like. I have lost so much time trying to unsuccessfully debug such code that I want something that “just works - out of the box – so that I can get on with the rest of  the project.    The suggestion of a US<->Serial converter sounds great – so long as it supports 9 data bits. I don’t care if that appears to my C code as int, rather than char, or if each 9 data bit “word is transferred as two consecutive bytes. As you might have guessed, I am not much good with hardware – is there a reasonably cheap hardware solution?
I heard a rumor CPU codes terminated in U are integrated with motherboard so they would be "worse" (that is what I heard). I only found some general meanings in https://www.intel.in/content/www/in/en/processors/processor-numbers.html. Could that be true? This question will be considered for future purchase of laptop.
I'm currently looking at laptops that could replace an old one I have, but have been having difficulty finding one that has what I want.  Requirements:   has a touchscreen has a dedicated graphics card (like an MX150) has an Ethernet port has at least 8GB RAM (will take 6GB if there is another RAM slot) has HDMI, headphone jack, and two USB ports (at least 1 USB 3.0 port) has a webcam has an SD card reader   Optional:   is at a low price (very much preferred, although low price sometimes means bad quality) has an SSD (preferred, but not necessary) has good battery life (not very important, I'm very rarely without a charger) has a DVD drive (less important, external DVD drives can be found for < $25)   Any ideas? I was originally looking at an Acer Aspire E 15, but it has no touchscreen.
Are there any surface pen cheaper alternatives that supports tilt? I'm using a Surface Pro 2017.
I wanna try to build something called a Physical Unclonable Function. It is some kind of hardware authentication feature. When the RAM is not getting refreshed it will decay and leave a pattern which is unique to the RAM in your cellphone. Therefor disabling is the first step.I have HTC 10 has lpddr4 as dram but how I can know its model: "samsung" , "micron" "jedec"  or something else?
Backgroud  I'm working on a project to use cool a server with watercooling and use this heat for my house. I'm planning to cool the CPU and memory (maybe GPU). It will host my own websites as well as some services for friends.   Issue 1: home bandwidth is limited.  Issue 2: no calculations = cold house  Questions  1: Are there any server tasks which are CPU intensive, but don't require to much bandwidth? (Game server? Video editing?)  2: Folding at home uses spare CPU time. Are there any services like this that will also generate some money? I have looked at Threefold Initiative and Golem, but I'm not sure if you can turn that off fast when a web request comes in...  Regards,   Christiaan
I have an art installation I want to build that uses software written in Unity, implementing opencv and using a webcam, and displaying on some sort of inexpensive monitor. I can compile to Android/iOS/Linux. I was originally planning on using a raspberry pi, but Unity only compiles for the x86 architecture and I'd prefer not to use the android hack workarounds.   What's a good cheap microcomputer / microcontroller to use for this? Needs very little storage but ability to process realtime video with opencv. I don't need much storage. I saw the Udoo x86, but ~$200 seems a bit expensive - was hoping to keep it around $50. Seems like intel maybe has some boards, like the Quark, but I wasn't sure how it would perform with the video. Or maybe I could just run it off a cheap phone if I could figure out how to output to the monitor. Any hardware recommendations are appreciated.
I want to invest into a small two in one device. By 2 in 1 I mean a tablet with a attachable keyboard. My focus lays on batterie live time, weight and mostly linux compatibility. It shout be able to play youtube and netflix videos fluently, edit a bit of text and check emails. The sould be below 250 euros (ca. 280 US-Dollar).  Do you have an experience or recommendations for me?  Thanks for your help.
I wanna try to build something called a Physical Unclonable Function. It is some kind of hardware authentication feature. When the RAM is not getting refreshed it will decay and leave a pattern which is unique to the RAM in your cellphone. Therefor disabling is the first step.So I want to know DRAM manufacturers of my cellphone then I want to get its datasheet.
Preferably, it would screw in to an existing light socket.  RC car type frequencies/range (27-49MHz or so).   No wifi, please.
I'm looking for a laptop for typing and standard web browsing. My main focus is on the comfortable keyboard and that the laptop does not heat up. I will use this laptop mostly in public transport on my knees and I want it to be as cold as it can be.   My requirements:   good keyboard  not heating up  screen size 12" - 15" I'm happy to sacrifice performance for the temperature & battery life battery life - min 3 hours good value for money, I can buy used laptop, but no older than 3 years I will be using Ubuntu on it, so Chromium OS hardware is out I don't need touchscreen   Currently I'm using HP EliteBook 2560p (i5, 6GB RAM) and I am quite happy with it, but it's getting old, battery life is now weak and I need something new.
Is there a type of hardware spec on a CPU or any way in general to achieve this:  I'd like to take 4k video from an external source and input it directly into the GPU of my computer so I can avoid the "upload" time to the GPU
I'm looking for PC horizontal case that will fit into this   It is hard to find one. So I'm looking for the horizontal PC case that will support:   front intake 140mm fans with dust filter back 140mm fan for output hot air (with optional dust filter too) front optionally should have the possibility to add at least 280mm or longer radiator for water cooling. the case must be working in horizontal mode it could be nice if I have in front power button and some usb 3.0 ports. should fit into this hole and occupy as much space as possible should support micro-atx and mini atx should support normal atx power supply with length at least 180mm the case should have maximized height so I can put on my CPU 150mm height cooler.   I'm not interested in led's, glass panels at all.   Any advices?
I'm a professional web developer - and I'm looking at buying a new laptop.   The common tasks I'm doing are:    Running webpack dev server Running jest tests Running nodemon Building docker images Having Slack/Multiple Chrome Windows/VSCode/Spotify open at the same time.  Potentially running a VirtualBox VM.  I use Ubuntu 18.04.    My current pain points are:    Waiting for webpack to recompile and reload (might take 2-10 seconds, and I'm really looking to make this as little as possible). Computer starts maxing out CPU if I'm running dev server and jest and other things at the sametime.    As far as I can see - webpack only runs on a single thread while Jest tests will run in paralell.   The question is - if I'm looking at a high-end laptop which kind of processor do I need to be looking at?   Are some of the newer i9/threadripper type CPUs going to be good for the single threaded processing - or should I be sticking to something like an i7?   Are there any benchmarks that most closely approximate running webpack dev server and jest tests?   As an additional consideration - how relevant is the GPU?   As it currently stands - it looks like the computer I'll be getting will be some kind of gaming computer - just because those are the most cost effective for processor, memory, SSD etc.   Gaming computers put a lot of emphasis of the GPU - and I'm wondering for that extra $200 kind of thing, how much value I'll be getting.   I know that GPUs are relevant in some aspects of computing (like machine learning, which to be honest, I'm not likely to be getting into), and that some GPUs have the ability to share CPU load.    Are there any GPUs/types of GPUs I should be looking out for?  Are there any tasks I should be aware of where a good GPU would provide value?
I have this two components that support ECC memory:   AMD RYZEN 3 1200 AMD RYZEN MSI B450M PRO-M2   On the other hand I have this memory   4 GB DDR4 2400 KINGSTON VALUE CL17   Questions   Are they going to work together well? How ECC memory affects to performance? Is this going to work slower in this case? Will the opposite case work? A motherboard and CPU that do not support ECC memory with an ECC memory?
I currently cannot boot my PC due to an incompatible memory.  I am looking for ECC ram compatible with these components:    AMD RYZEN5 2600 Asus X470-PLUS GAMING   I know the motherboard and the CPU can run ECC memory, but apparently I am not able to find a memory really compatible.   I have tried:   Crucial CT8G4RFS4266 8Go (DDR4, 2666 MT/s, PC4-21300, SR x4, ECC, Registered)  Kingston KVR21R15D8/8 RAM 8Go (2133MHz DDR4 ECC Reg CL15)   I am pretty sure it is the RAM causing problems, since with other DIMMs it boots seamlessly.
I am looking for a motherboard that supports hardware RAID for  NVMe M.2 2280 PCI-Express 3.0 x4   cards.
I usually try to be pretty vague, but I think details will help here.   My wife needs a mobile device that she can put in her clipboard and take with her at work. She works in schools (at district level) and sometimes needs to show technical information to teachers. However, her job has her covering more than one school location, all subject areas and all grades. Printing out this information and bringing it along wouldn't be possible.  Her issued laptop is too bulky to walk around all day with and the organization will not be providing this hardware. So I will be procuring it and setting it up for her.    File Management might look something like this   1) ALL FILES    A) Elementary School      i) First Grade         (1) Science.pdf         (2) Math.pdf         (3) Reading.pdf      ii) Second Grade         (1) Science.pdf         ..etc   B)  Middle School   C)  High School     Requirements   Probably no larger than 10" screen, keep it light but still easy to read Easily used file explorer Capable of loading & rendering the pdf files (Maybe other file types, but not necessary) Hopefully easy to back out of the pdf files to the file explorer to select another pdf file Decent battery life - it doesn't need to last a week on standby or anything, but charging it everyday wouldn't be great I'll load the files on locally  I think it would need to be able to show color on screen Touch screen   Non-requirements   She won't be able to get on wifi in the secure environments so that's a non-issue Audio isn't important Peripherals aren't important, no need to have a keyboard or anything     If need be, I can load an O/S on whatever device, if that's what's best, as long as it remains simple to use. She is tech savvy.  Not really sure on budget, just something that would work. Cheaper is better, maybe keep it under $300 USD.
I am looking for a single board computer to discover the possibility of using them as a computing unit to support my laptop.   I would like to try four or five of those SBCs and use them for scientific computations, and communicate the data to my laptop for visualization via ethernet cable. The platform should be able to run python, c, fortran and latex codes. I would like to have 10GB of free disk space to write data on each one of the SBCs after installations. Memory is typically the bottleneck during the computations. No WIFI, GPIO, HDMI, USB3.0 etc. is needed on SBCs.  I want to start with a budget around $300-$500 and I would like to know if somebody already tried it and could recommend me a SBC brand or specification and share some experience to help me start. The questions in my mind for the moment:   which linux distribution to achieve this with minimum ram and disk space is SBCs of today make it reasonable to try this (LPDDRs, CPUs) how to parallelise SBCs, how to design the cooling system etc..   After a survey, I have three options in December 2018: Rock64, omega2, parallella but I am not sure if any of these are good for my project or if I am missing something…  I hope this question helps many others who wants to start this.  Thanks for your help!
I recently found out my dad struggles with wasting time at work, and wanted a phone without apps.  But the issue is, he uses his phone at work to take pictures; so he needs a camera with a large screen.  Is there something that can work?
My Laptop is ASUS ROG GL553VD Model, Here is its Summary Hardware Specification:   Intel i7-7700HQ Nvidia GTX1050 128GB m2 PCIe Nvme SSD (there is no HHD installed) 16GB RAM   I would like to ask for a SSD Hardware Recommendation, as I found that 128GB storage is not enough for me, these are my concerns for the SSD Upgrade:   I mostly use my Laptop for Android Mobile Apps Development (using Android Studio Software which is very Performance Demanding), I would like the SSD faster enough to handle Android Studio or other commonly used development software (such as Visual Studio, etc). I would like to Clone my Digital Licensed Windows 10 from my current 128GB m2 PCIe Nvme SSD and Boot the Windows 10 in the Hardware, so it is expected to able to support Clone Windows Feature and able to boot up in a very fast manner.   I would like to ensure the Hardware to be Cost-efficient type, where it does not Overprice (such as low price ADATA SSD compare to high price SAMSUNG SSD) I would like the Hardware to be As Reliable as possible Storage Space should above 300GB. Budget Around RM500 (USD 120).   I been considering whether to replace my current 128GB m2 PCIe Nvme SSD to a new 512GB m2 PCIe Nvme SSD or I should simply get a new SATA SSD which would keep my current 128GB m2 PCIe Nvme SSD instead,  My Biggest Concerns is:   is the extra speed of m2 PCIe Nvme SSD (1000mb read/write speed) really able to help me in most of my Workload compare to a SATA SSD (500mb read/write speed)?   Your Experienced recommendations, advises, opinions is much appreciated.
I operate a two-computer setup with multiple displays and a plethora of USB devices. I have a pretty excellent KVM switch, that I'm generally very happy with; but I often need to switch the keyboard/mouse separately from the monitor. (i.e., I don't actually use the ‘K’ and ‘M’ in my KVM .)  At the moment, I have a four-port USB-switch that I'm using to augment that. In particular, it has:   Separate power-supply (weirdly, also over USB; but hey, whatever), Four output ports, USB-3.0 support, and a wired remote, so I can control it from the front of my desk.   The problem I'm still suffering, though, is a subset thereof: right now, my shared display has independent control through the KVM; but my keyboard, mouse, DAC/speakers, and smartcard authentication setup (<3 Yubikey!) are all linked together. This means that anytime I want to type some text into my PC, I hit the remote's button under my desk, and … my music cuts out, my Mac locks itself (because I've ‘removed’ my smartcard), and Windows beeps a bajillion times as it briefly recognizes new devices. ಠ_ಠ  So, what I really want, I've belatedly realized, is a USB switch with:   At least two host-side USB 3.0 connections, at least four individually-switchable USB 3.0 ports for devices, if possible, an independent power-supply, not bus power, if possible, maintained power to the switched devices, regardless of what they're currently connected to, and if possible, some sort of remote head — or most preferably, software control from the hosts (I'd love to be able to hack together a key combination that switches devices!), so I can keep the dang thing hidden away behind my desk.   Cost is no object, this is for my primary workstation.
I recently got an iPad Pro and want to charge it the same time I am listening to music. I have the Apple 3.5mm jack and most adapters to turn that one port into charging + 3.5mm didn’t seem very good.   I am looking for a very simple portable hub (not a fancy dock with display-out, ethernet and what not) that just turns that usb-c port into 2, so that I can charge it and listen to music at the same time with the stuff I already have, or other potential usecases in the future.
Anyone please suggest me a cloud server specification for a radio website with visitors 40k - 50k visitors per day for our middle east client. The website has a live streaming, audio-video player, image gallery and news feed section.Any help will be appreciated.
I want to transcode live stream video for 200 channels (24/7 work) with ffmpeg. Now I use Intel Quicksync it's work very well for not over 10 channels transcoding. I'm going to buy "11GB GDDR6 RTX2080Ti INNO3D Twin X2" with 4352 "CUDA Core".  Please suggest me that this card is the right choice for my job or not.   My OS is Windows 10 / Windows server 2016
I did some researche about ID Card Printer and want to integrate it with java web application. I want to use ZPL but have some doubts about Zebra ZXP Series 3. Does it support ZPL?
Are there any commercially available U2F keys that support both USB-C and NFC?  So far I've looked at Yubico which seems to have a USB-C model that doesn't have NFC support or a USB-A model that does support NFC.  I've also found the SoloKeys site which seems to be what I'm looking for but they aren't yet available for purchase.
I was looking around online but I found the smaller models are 120mm. Does any one know any model with a fan/radiator smaller than 120mm?
Are there any mechanical keyboards with laptop-like layout for reasonable price(below 80$ is ok, below 60$ is good, below 40$ is great)? What I mean is something like this or at least almost similar:    Bottom left row has 4 keys - ctrl, fn, win, alt; arrow keys also serve as Pg up, Pg down, Home, End;  Cheaper is better and I don't mind changing caps or resoldering switches, if needed.  DIY PCB recommendations are also welcome.
It still amazes me that it's almost the end of 2018 and still no one seems to have been able to, to my knowledge, find or create such a device. I did however gather some more information, so here I go.  To clarify what the adapter should be able to do:  The USB-C male port is for the host device, aka a phone.  The USB-C-PD female port is for power. So it could be connected to a wall adapter with a C-C cable and provide power to the host device (and maybe also for the second device).  The USB-C data female port is for USB devices that can be connected to the host device, aka a flashdrive, mouse or 3.5mm dongle (with DAC).  For reference, I own a USB-C hub that does all these things, however it's very large (especially for a phone) since besides these ports it also packs in an extra USB-C port and two USB-A 3.1 ports. I'm talking about the Aukey CB-C48 https://www.aukey.life/products/cbc48-usb-c-hub-2-port-usb-3-0-2-port-usb-c-1-port-usb-c-with-pd. This device existing, shows that the idea of a "splitter" is actually possible, just never done before (to my knowledge).  The size I'm looking for is around this size:  (Don't be fooled by its appearance, the adapter in the picture only wires the lines regarding power one way, while it wires the lines for Analog-Audio-over-USB-C the other way, which is great, if you have a phone with a DAC and only want to use it for headphones but not for anything else.)  Another option would be this form factor: https://hackaday.io/project/26263-pd-buddy-wye. (This one works the other way around, allowing your phone to fast-charge over PD from a charger and connect to a PC via USB. It doesn't allow the phone to be the host.)  Finally I found another adapter of which I do not know whether it works: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07KSZMG5J?pf_rd_p=1581d9f4-062f-453c-b69e-0f3e00ba2652&pf_rd_r=SMDQYBNA8X75H9EGVK16. These types of adapters have a DAC inside them,thus enabling phones without a DAC to connect to USB-C headphones (or dongles) without DAC. At least that's what I've gathered from the descriptions. However, I don't know if the port can also be used for other USB peripherals. The seller did tell me it didn't work with mice/flashdrives, but it did work with the 3.5mm dongle from Google, which is odd, because it does have a DAC inside and thus is a completely normal USB peripheral, just like a mouse for instance. I did order one to test what's true and what isn't about these. When mine arrives, I'll update the post.  Edit 1: Another item I found was the Cusby, a failed indiegogo campain: https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/cusby-first-usb-c-modular-expandable-adapter and http://www.cusby.com/. In particular their "power port" module does exactly what I'm looking for. Unfortunately they've been silent for 3 years now, so yeah...  So if anyone finds anything, please let me know and if anyone has the capacity to design and build such an adapter also let me know. I really hope it can be realized!
I'm looking for external GPU options for a power boost for a mid-2015 MacBook Pro 15 inch. It is used for animation production and 3D rendering, using software such as Aftereffects and Maya.   I don't have any knowledge of hardware systems, so I'll appreciate any information on what would my the best options for this for a budget around 700-750$ ? I was thinking of buying an AMD RX 580. Is that a good choice?  Please keep in mind that my Macbook is Thunderbolt 2, and I'm going to have to use the eGPUs with a Thunderbolt 2 to 3 adopter I guess. (I don't know if that matters.)
I am trying to find and buy cheap computer case with 2 fan liquid cooler. Like this:    However, I've been having trouble finding cases that fit this description:   With "liquid cooler" keywords I found liquid coolers, of course (mixed with cases). Often "liquid cooler" support means that case have holes for cooler, but no place for radiator. Often I've found cases with top 2 fans, but not enough space for the  cooler itself.   Is there some standard or abbreviation that identifies whether a case supports the installation of such coolers?
I am looking for a laptop on which I can install linux to do Java development and virtualization. The following configuration comes to my mind.   +---------------+----------------------------------------------+ | Processor     | AMD Ryzen 5 or 7 Or Intel i5 or i7 Quad Core | +---------------+----------------------------------------------+ | Memory        | 16 gb DDR4 or more                           | +---------------+----------------------------------------------+ | Storage       | 512 gb NVMe or more                          | +---------------+----------------------------------------------+ | Graphics Card | Low end, since this not a gaming rig         | +---------------+----------------------------------------------+ | Screen size   | 17 inches                                    | +---------------+----------------------------------------------+ | OS            | Optional to keep cost down.                  | +---------------+----------------------------------------------+   How much should something like this minimally cost. I am thinking under $1000. Let us collect laptops being sold with similar configurations here.
I'm searching for a router that has capabilities to add manual latency to a device in my network (for example, add 10ms of ping to a random device on my network). What router should I buy?  EDIT: I found that dd-wrt routers have the "tc" command that may help with this, but I also saw people that said that doesn't work, I just don't want to waste money on something that may not work.
Clarifying note: I'm looking for device types that aren't regular computer monitors (see this question if you're looking for a list of lightweight monitors), but could be used as such (e.g., pico projectors), or some tricks to make regular computer monitors more transportable (e.g., removing the stand).   Whenever I travel by plane, I need to have a few computer monitors as soon as possible after I arrive to my destination. I use a multi-monitor configuration (ideally at least 2 external monitors in addition to my laptop). The computer monitors should be decent enough for coding purpose, i.e. 1920x1080 resolution or higher, and somewhere between 24 and ~27 inches.   Are there any such products that can be easily transported in my luggage while traveling by plane?    All the solutions I found so far are not satisfying:   All the portable LED Monitors I found so far are too small (less than 20 inches). All the multimonitors laptops (mirror) I found have too small monitors.  Handheld/nano/pico/mobile/pocket projectors don't have a very crisp image, which makes it inconvenient to code. Furthermore, I'd need a screen to project against, which would be challenging to set up to simulate a multi-monitor configuration. I sometimes cannot find any business that rent computer monitors, and purchasing computer monitors each time isn't that financially efficient (if I try to resell the monitors, it takes some time and I only get ~70% money back at best, assuming I find a buyer).
I have a Speedport 921V which does NOT support Wake on LAN (WOL) over the local network. I am looking for a Fritzbox or similar which has at least the same features as my Speedport 921V and supports WOL over the local network. I use WOL2 to wake up my computer.  PS: Please not, that the topic is not to wake up my computer via the internet.
Is there a reasonably priced (below 250$ USD) router with 3 or more Gigabit SFP ports for SOHO that can handle a Gigabit WAN uplink?  Something like Mikrotik CRS106-1C-5S https://mikrotik.com/product/CRS106-1C-5S but as I understand this CRS is a "smart switch" and doesn't have enough routing capabilities.
Are there any decently priced 10-Gigabit Ethernet switches? Any 5-port ones under $100?   I'm mostly asking out of curiosity, so this isn't an XY problem.
Dear hardware enthusiasts, I need your advice.  My 4 years old gaming PC is currently running 2x GTX770 in SLI. I plan to upgrade to a single powerful gaming card. My budget is enough for GTX 1080 Ti, RTX 2080, or below.   I'm considering two aspects:   I wanna feel major performance improvement (fps) in games, and I wanna avoid that another PC part will become a bottleneck so that the new card won't be used effectively.   I do not plan to do another major investment so I will rather buy a lower card if the more powerful would make no sense on this setup. What card would you recommend me and why?  My current setup:   Motherboard Gigabyte Z97X-Gaming 5 + 850W power supply 32 GB RAM Kingston 4x8GB DDR3 1600MHz CL9 HyperX 2x GIGABYTE GTX770 OC, 4GB DDR5 in SLI CPU Intel Core i7-4790K HDD SSD CRUCIAL MX100 512GB using Philips 298P4QJEB screen with 2560x1080   Any feedback will be appreciated.
I have a condition where I must stand all the time and cannot stop waking but would like to resume programming.  I am looking for a strappable keyboard the would allow me to code on my cellphone will AIDE while walking.  I am looking for a split keyboard that I can wear on my torso while looking at my cellphone or tablet straight downwards or in front. The equipment would look like a life jacket with the keyboard on the sides of the stomach. As part of the same piece or as a hat, the cell phone could be strapped on with a regulatable wire that held the phone or tablet in front of the user.  Thanks.
Long story short, I work with a lot of RF equipment, and it would be really convenient if I could have a phone that I could truly turn OFF instead of having to leave it a million miles away in a shield box. So either one with a true hardware off, if such a thing exists, or one with a battery that can easily be removed and put back in. Thank you.  It's OK if it's an older phone, at the end of the day I just need it for calling and texting.  (I found this question, however it's 3 years old: Android phone with removeable battery, SD Card, USB Host/OTG for ~100 - $150)
I am interested in Lenovo P72. I looked at Dell Precision 7730 and MSI GT75 and read all of them suffer from heat or noise. Is it true that Lenovo is better managing heat and noise of laptops over other blands?
I'm tired of losing support of functionality in my printer/scanner due to new operating system versions. I'm looking for a printer/scanner that can work with no drivers. I have read that this can be achieved with an embedded web server that has full printing and scanning capabilities. I haven't been able to find proper documentation on the web server capabilities of each printer model. Does anyone know which printer models have a web server with these capabilities? Alternatively, can anyone suggest other ways to have a printer/scanner without needing to install drivers?
I've a Thinkpad X1 3rd generation tablet, which has thunderbolt 3 slots. I am thinking about getting an external GPU enclosure since the thunderbolt 3 protocol itself supports interfacing with PCIe. What I'm looking for is a basic thunderbolt 3 to PCIe adapter. Basically just the cable with the necessary controller board.  I already have a GTX 1060 and a power supply, which is why I thought maybe I could get away cheaper if I just bought an adapter without all the extra stuff. I also don't have a set budget, but 300$ or more is a lot for just the enclosure in my opinion.
I have to purchase a workstation at office. I have very little knowledge about hardware and what config (GPU, Memory, Processor) should I take so that it has enough hardware to work with state of the art things such as CNN, good graphics and visualization softwares and development, high end image processing tools and development such as reconstructions. I have a fair budget with me.  Edit : 1  Budget is around 15k to 17k USD.  I will be using mostly open source libraries for Machine learning and Image processing. I am looking out for a workstation which should do good working with 1000s of images of each size 10 MB and resolution max could be 2k by 2k. Budget is for hardware only   Or in otherway can you please suggest a good PC which will run Libraries and platforms like tensorflow, Keras etc. for pattern recognition and also for practicing and developing Computed Tomography Reconstruction algorithms.
I have a Gigabyte F2A88XM-HD3 motherboard which has 4 memory slots. In two of these slots I have two Corsair CMV8GX3M1A133 1333 Mhz DDR3 8G modules.  I have found  https://eu.crucial.com/eur/en/advisor  to search motherboard-compatible memory modules but that does not tell me whether it will work with my existing modules.  How can I find 8G DDR3 memory modules that work flawlessly with my existing Corsair modules?
I would like to buy an ARM board that has true hardware video acceleration decoding for H.264, H.265 & VP8/9 and also has all required software drivers for linux available.  I tried boards like Asus TinkerBoard and.. They sell them claiming that have H.264 & H.264 decoding acceleration but at the moment of truth, it turns out that they lack/poorly have the software part. So it's basically useless.
I'm looking for a JavaCard model that supports dual-interface (ISO 7816+14443), with ECDSA acceleration and optionally I2C interface. Available in wafer for custom NFC antenna and flip-chipping. Do you have any recommendation or comparison resource for such products?  Thank you.  Mario.
Looking to upgrade my EDC (Every Day Carry) ThinkPad X220 model 4291. I like the idea of an mSATA SSD to complement a 2.5" SSD in the 2.5" bay for backup.   Never installed an mSATA SSD, although I've done lots of NVMe PCIe M.2s, SATA M.2s, SATA 2.5", and HDDs going back to the IBM 5150 PC. Lenovo has one m-SATA SSD, but it's only 128GB which is too small for my needs.  Will any m-SATA SATA III SSD work in a ThinkPad's m-SATA slot? How about this Samsung 1TB?
I am trying to design an employee tracking system, to track employees from room to room, for saftey purposes.  Somewhat obviously, if requires each tracked person to carry a device which uniquely identifies them.  Which will obviously have to be battery powered, with enough battery life to last a full working shift, let's say 12 hours?  It is becoming apparent that I am looking at Bluetooth Low Energy – unless someone can make a compelling argument for WiFi, ZigBee., etc.  Please, bear in mind that the device and battery must be worn in an industrial environment, so should be robust, and also easy to charge when needed – at worst overnight, ready for the next shift.  The device need only identify itself, as it passes various access points (presumably by pairing with them, or offering to do so?)  Looking at the List of Bluetooth profiles , I am guessing at  the Proximity Profile (PXPP) ?  In any case, what I do not want – close as it is - is a cheap sports/fitness band. What I would like is something very like that :     Rubber wrist band – nice to have, but not mandatory Rugged & robust – is quite important Button/cell battery – for small form fit NO built in apps, e.g. health / fitness It would be nice if I were able to load my own software. For instance, to vibrate the band remotely, or display messages. What I don’t want is lots of built-in fitness tracker  stuff, which is not associated with my system   The Flora Wearable Bluefruit LE Module looks good, but    it’s not totally off the shelf  : “Sew 4 traces (or solder 4 wires) There is no indication of battery life (although I don’t expect any problems with BTLE) I would prefer something worn on the wrist, but could live with this   On the plus side it seems easy to program “After you connect to the Bluefruit, you can send commands wirelessly in under 10 minutes. Also, “Built in over-the-air bootloading capability so we can keep you updated with the hottest new firmware. Use any Android or iOS device to get updates and install them seems a big plus.  Is there any other cheap (preferably sub $50) wrist wearable which is programmable, preferably with a snap-in coin/cell battery?    [Update] I now have a strong preference for BT 5, rather than v4, but can't seem to find any. The reason being that the BT 5 spec has provisions for proximity, which could save me a lot of effort on triangulation.
I have thousands of computer CDs and DVDs with some data. I want to backup them in an automated way (i.e. not change disc by disc by hand).  I found this so far:   Auto Ripper hackaday project Vinpower RipBox station (expensive) Nimbie Disc Autoloader (via davidgo comment) (extremely expensive) DIY autoloader hackaday project (original German source, video, video)   Are these the only options? What other options are there? Maybe just a regular DVD drive + a robot arm? ("autoloader" seems to be a good search term, better than "disc changer" what I used initially.)  (Not sure if this is the right StackExchange site to ask. Please, before voting to close, please at least give me an advice where to ask instead. On SuperUser it was suggested to ask here.)
I want to buy a computer which is quiet, i.e. I can leave it in my bedroom without noticing it (under normal load; I might rarely do some heavy processing, where I can accept that I would hear the fan, or on lots of HDD access, it's ok if I quietly hear the HDD; mostly very similar to my MacBook). Also, it should not consume too much energy (because it should run permanently; again similar as my MacBook). It should come in a tower where it is easy to install further disks or other hardware (unlike my MacBook). It also should have wifi.  Initially, this will mostly be a fileserver, running Linux. Maybe additionally some software like Perkeep, which needs lots of RAM (10GB or so) as far as I know. But maybe I want to run some other stuff (some scripts, maybe home automation stuff) later on it as well.  I was looking a bit around. But already for the power supply, I did not found much without an active cooler. Maybe water cooling? But as far as I know, this also has some active cooling element? I would prefer a solution which only comes with passive cooling, if something like this exists.  (Related question is here, but I don't really want a mini PC (or at least not necessarily). Preferably I also want to buy the individual components separately and configure it how I like it, at least if that is cheaper.)
I'm looking for hardware configuration pieces of advice. I'm having 2 computers, one hyperconvergent server, and one workstation for which I'm planning the hardware. The workstation will be for dev and research. For this one, in a nutshell I'm having 2 hardware possibilities, A and B. I'm having 2 important factors: 1) ethernet speed 2) cuda compute. Other factors: system stability at factory frequencies and overclocked ones, extensibility.  A. Maximus XI Formula Z390, two 2080ti with NVlink, and a connexion to a hyperconvergent server through a 10Gbit (switch and server) ethernet connexion. The Formula had only 5Gbit connexion. The two 2080ti will have 8x and 8x connexion with the motherboard.  B. Maximus XI Hero Z390, two 2080ti with NVlink, one 10Gbit PCIE 4x for the connexion to the 10Gbit server. I think I'll have 8x and 4x connexion with the 2080ti, and 4x for the NIC 10 Gbit.  In a nutshell I have 5Gbit and 32 lines vs 10Gbit and 28 lines.  Questions:   can you confirm the PCI speeds in the B case, as well as the deep learning hardware requirements ? which configuration would you recommend, and why ?   Many thanks.  [0] http://timdettmers.com/2018/12/16/deep-learning-hardware-guide/
I already have an ASUS UX430 laptop that works perfectly with 2 HDMI displays, which totals 3 displays with the integrated display; this my own personal display.  I needed another laptop and identified the ASUS UX433FN laptop which is about the same as UX430 but a little more "high-end".  I just received the new laptop, an ASUS UX433FN, but it appears it doesn't support 2 HDMI displays like the previous model UX430!! I mean 1 HDMI display is connected on the integrated HDMI plug, and the second display is connected through the USB-C (SuperSpeed+ USB 3.1 Gen 2) plug of the UX433.  I'm very much disappointed by ASUS here, because the very same setup is working with the UX430 (SuperSpeed USB 3.1 Gen 1), but not the UX433.  I'm wondering:   Is it a temporary lack of software support? Note that I tested with Ubuntu 18.04LTS as well as a daily build pre-version of the future Ubuntu 19.04, and also with MS-Windows 10. Is it a hardware limitation of the ASUS UX433 compared to the UX430?   What hardware solution would you recommend?  A reseller suggested I buy an additional HDMI graphics card to plug on USB 3.0... What do you think of this?  Thanks in advance for any help.
We produce short films and bought a new camera, it writes 500GB/hour, so we need to off load it from our media (SSD) to permanent storage. I've seen "Wireless SSDs", I don't need to have it wireless, but rather USB C or USB A, it should automatically copy the files when I plug a ssd in. Best with data validation.  Storage should be at least 2TB. Is there anything like that? Or a DIY solution? I thought about a raspberry pi, but as the guys on rpi.se told me, it can't handle handle two hard drives and is only USB 2.0
After popping up this question in the IoT forum some of the comments suggested I  raise it in this forum as well, it will be great if you had some recommendations for wireless sensors that could track the following metrics:   Heart Rate Location (GPS) Head Movement Length of Steps Skin Conductance Pavement location (relative location compared to the walking lane, needs to be more accurate than GPS, to measure distance from cars, other walkers..)   I was thinking of the E4 Wristband, with additional cameras to measure head movement and pavement location.  Any recommendation to other sensors I should consider? Maybe a group of 3-5 sensors that could carry all functions?
Our current system: the doctor does a drawing (medical illustration), it gets sent on a journey over to the scanning bureau, they scan it, then shred it. We don’t get the doctor to scan it themselves. We need to avoid the dual entry hazard. If the doctor still has the piece of paper after scanning, there is a danger they’ll add to it, annotate it and so on. Other people will be making their decisions based upon the already-scanned version of the document, when this doesn’t reflect the most up-to-date information.  What I’m thinking of is a scanner which 1.  Feeds in the paper 2.  Displays the image for user verification 3.  User has two options: a.  Verify the scan as a good image, and shred the paper b.  Reject the scan, and retrieve the paper.  In other words, it needs to be impossible for the user to ‘have’ both the scan and the paper document. If they don’t like the scan, they get the paper back. If they do like it, they don’t. Does this exist?
I have a desktop PC and a Thinkpad laptop which I would like to be able to connect to the same monitors, keyboard and mouse. The monitors will both be Philips 328P6VJEB (4K). I already have a docking station for the Thinkpad. What I would like to do is connect the desktop and docking station to the KVM, and when using the laptop, just plug the laptop into the docking station. Is there a KVM that I can use that will allow me to do this? Or is there another solution?
I want to use a vertical monitor (portrait) to view my Android phone's screen when it is in portrait mode, and for the image to take up the whole screen (i.e., not the default behavior of Android of displaying a vertical image in the middle third of a landscape screen).  Is there any HDMI-to-HDMI converter that takes in a landscape HDMI signal and outputs a portrait HDMI signal? Or something that would achieve the same effect?  Or, can someone recommend for me a computer monitor to buy that is default-portrait, eg 9:16 aspect ratio or something like that?
I am looking to buy a 24inch QHD monitor for office work ( programming ) and general purpose use but not gaming .  Would text be too small on a 24inch QHD Display ? Some people over internet has suggested 2560*1440p looks good on a 27 inch monitor compare to 24inch .
I'm choosing between two laptops from Acer:   A515-41G-1480: (1) CPU: AMD A12-9720P 2.7Ghz (2) RAM: 8GB DDR4 (3) GPU: Radeon RX 540 2GB DDR5 (4) HD: 1TB; A515-51G-50W8: (1) CPU: Intel Core i5-7200U 2.5 - 3.1Ghz (2) RAM: 8GB DDR4 (3) GPU: NVIDIA GeForce 940MX 2GB DDR5 (4) HD: 1TB;   The first one is 13,5% cheaper than the second one.  Now, in terms of RAM they are both the same. The obvious advantage of the second is the disk size which is double the first.  So it seems the choice boils down to the distinction: AMD A12 + Radeon 540 against Intel I5 7200U + GeForce 940MX.  I've seem that AMD A12 is quad-core while Intel I5 is dual core, so that it seems at first that AMD A12 is better, but I might be totally wrong, since I've seem some benchmarks and it appears the I5 wins all of them.  Which is actually the best one? I will use it for software development (mainly .NET, .NET Core and Javscript), scientific research (in this scenario probably I'll just run Wolfram Mathematica and LaTeX) and I would like to use it for gaming too, although I would be already happy running things in medium settings.
I'm a student who is a part of the study abroad Japan program. (Assuming I get accepted for the program) I'll be traveling to Mishima Japan over the summer.  I do a lot of technical work in Java (Netbeans IDE) making small programs and occasionally write mathematics papers for classes(LaTeX) and prefer to use the Kubuntu (Linux) OS. I would consider Kubuntu compatible hardware components in your decision process.  Given that the study abroad forces me to be very portable in my choice of laptop, my current 17" (Purchased about 7+(?) years ago)/heavy workstation laptop isn't my first pick.  Preferred Specs:   Screen Size: 13-14" RAM: >=6GB (Either comes with 6GB or can be upgraded to >=6GB) HDD: >=250GB CPU/Graphics: I don't plan on doing any video editing (Maybe some light editing every once in a while to make a meme or something if possible), or gaming that isn't flash based and easy to run. This being said, the system shouldn't be laggy either. Battery life preferred due to traveling abroad, but I always have my chargers with me at all times, so this isn't a huge deal if it doesn't fit within the budget. Caveat: The plane ride to Japan from the US is 14 hours, and I'm not counting on the plane having an AC power supply, so having something that lasts about 1/2 way would be nice since I could use my phone at that point. Bluetooth Compatibility is a must, and it is preferred (But not necessary) that it have a 5GHz antenna on the WLAN module. A few USB ports would be nice, but that's about all I need. (I do almost all data transfer wirelessly and don't plan on having many peripherals or doing projector lectures anytime soon. Having a side-number section on the keypad is preferred but not necessary. Screen: I like watching HD videos   2-in-ones are ok so long as they have a "sturdy" (Like a normal laptop, not a thin wafer) keyboard.  My budget is $400-$500.
I've been a frequent laptop user for years and whenever I needed a new desktop keyboard I managed to get a laptop-like (think ThinkPad x220 or older) keyboard that had:   low-profile keys which come with low travel distance non-chiclet keys - i.e keys bordering each other, without any borders formed by the top of the keyboard body scissor switches, which provide reasonable key stability wired connection, which is more secure than whatever wireless one I've ever seen generally recognisable 104&pm;1 keys layout (I'm not picky about the exact Enter / \ / Backspace placement, just prefer them to be close to each other). I would prefer "classical" key labels, i.e.:   symbols slightly in the corner a decent (non-gaming/futuristic) font    Recently, I'm unable to find anything like that - non-chiclet keyboards I have seen usually have too long travel distance.   Acceptable disadvantages:   Layouts where the arrow block is pushed into the main block and the 6-kay block above it rearranged somehow. Multimedia buttons (if they are there I either use them or switch them off on software level).   Do you have any recommendations?
I am keen to purchase a monitor stand that will allow me to have, in horizontal alignment, three 32" monitors in landscape orientation. Is this possible? Any recommendations?
For a school project I need to build an interactive climbing wall, I have an app where I can choose a trail that lights up, I have already figured out how I'm gonna light them up but I'm still searching for a sensor to detect if the grip is touched, its meant to be used by children so it needs to be as easy as possible, read as come and climb like in plug and play.  What sensor could I use?
I'm looking for the best headphones specifically for watching movies at home. Headphone will be mostly connected to my HP Pavilion Notebook - 15-ab522tx and Redmi Note 3 (Android).  Here are my preferences:   Over-ear Closed-back Wired Doesn't need amplification Under $150 (~₹10,000)
I have been tasked on finding a prebuilt laptop for a motorbike racing enthusiast.  You see, currently he takes a professional quality photos on his camera and then stores them to a external hard drive from the camera. He would like the ability to store the pictures on this laptop, so capacity is a big deal. He wants to be able to view the pictures he has taken. He likes the sound of being able to edit the images using Adobe Photoshop (which he has already purchased) though he says this is not necessary.  Finally his price range has a max range of £300 (Their may be some leeway if the increased expense is worth the additional specs) The reason why the price range is so low is that if he drops the laptop in mud, or leaves his laptop behind accidently, it wont be a massive loss.  He lives in the UK  I was looking at: https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B076T7V685/ref=asc_df_B076T7V6851546945200000/?ascsubtag=s15472174731740yzza52421&tag=52421_iceleads-21&creative=22374&creativeASIN=B076T7V685&linkCode=df0  But the customer rating score was a 1 star.  Any help appreciated.
I'm looking for an adapter for my laptop that goes from mini-display-port to multiple monitor connection types (vga, dvi, hdmi, diplayport).  I found this, but it only allows one monitor to be active.  Does there exist an adapter like this that allows all monitors to be active simultaneously?
I have been tasked on finding a prebuilt laptop for a motorbike racing enthusiast.  You see, currently he takes a professional quality photos on his camera and then stores them to a external hard drive from the camera. He would like the ability to store the pictures on this laptop, so capacity is a big deal. He wants to be able to view the pictures he has taken. He likes the sound of being able to edit the images using Adobe Photoshop (which he has already purchased) though he says this is not necessary.  Finally his price range has a max range of £600 (Their may be some leeway if the increased expense is worth the additional specs) The reason why the price range is so low is that if he drops the laptop in mud, or leaves his laptop behind accidently, it wont be a massive loss.  He lives in the UK  Any help appreciated.
I am looking for a 2nd monitor to use with my 27" iMac (5K) and it seems to be hard to to find anything matching these requirements:   4K @ 60Hz HDMI input (I use a receiver hooked to the imac)  minimal bezel portrait mode (via VESA is ok) diagonal under 24" inch, mainly I want to be close to the 218ppi of th e imac.    I tried using my iPad mini as a second monitor via iDuet but the lag makes it too hard touse.
Let me clear up as best I can...  I am contemplating pulling the trigger on a refurbished Lenovo M92P OEM Desktop Tower that I found for cheap online, the tower looks like this -->     Currently, the system that I have my eye on is outfitted with an i7 3770 NON-K,8GB of DDR3 RAM and a 500GB HDD from Western Digital.  If I were to buy  this system, I would want to turn this computer into a cheap gaming rig, and therefore would upgrade the internals to make it game ready.  The upgrades I would make would be a GTX 1080 Super JetStream from Palit (2x4pin connectors), one more stick of 8GB DDR3 for dual channel memory support and a cheap 128GB SSD as boot.  Now the issue that I am facing is that the PSU that comes with the system is not up to the task, and I know it will fail on me should I go ahead with the upgrades mentioned earlier.  My question is simple, which PSU is best for an OEM Machine like this, that uses proprietary connectors and other devices that are not standard?  A side note, my other issue with this is the main power connector on the motherboard, as it is not a standard 24 pin connector.
About ten years back there was a range of products all called Yoggie. Some of them were bigger, some of them looked like bulky USB sticks (i.e. too wide to fit other USB plugs next to them), called Yoggie Pico.  On them was - as far as I know - a XScale-based Linux system which was running netfilter (or perhaps its predecessor, I don't remember). It used a method similar to PoisonTap to pose as USB-Ethernet device to the host system and (ab)use the fact that DHCP was enabled to push default routes to itself and thereby being a firewall on a system logically separate from the host.  Is anyone aware of a USB device - preferably even tinier than the original Yoggies - that could perform a similar task at contemporary higher throughput rates (both USB and Ethernet)? Price should preferably be below 200 USD.
Intro  I have seen some information scattered online about various new laptops that are bound to be released on 29th January 2019, which feature the new NVIDIA RTX graphics cards. However, each online source I stumble upon seems to concentrate on only one brand, and the concrete specs and pricing are hard to uncover in a wall of blabbering in the articles...    Desired Laptop Specs  I am interested in all RTX laptops to be released on Jan 29th with the following specs:   15" display (preferably, but might consider a 17" notable mention) i7 cpu (prefer stronger single process performance over parallel processing) 16GB RAM or more 256+GB SSD & 1+TB HDD (might adjust after the fact) 144Hz screen (preferably, not a deal breaker) NVIDIA RTX 2070 (or 2080, prefer to avoid Max-Q and Optimus if possible) Ships within the US Budget centered around $2000, $3000 reluctantly.   I'm interested in brands, model designs and pricing of any laptop that approximately fits the above criteria. Thanks for any suggestion!    Resources/Articles   Ultrabookreview has a list of all upcoming RTX and RTX Max-Q laptops, with more details to be filled in at a later time when it becomes available:     https://www.ultrabookreview.com/24319-laptops-nvidia-rtx-2080/  Similarly, techwalls has a list of all RTX 2080 laptops, with pictures and specs:     https://www.techwalls.com/nvidia-geforce-rtx-2080-laptops/
I'm a web-designer/developer/coder. Most of my time is spent staring at lines of code, the resultant web pages, and vector graphic layouts. I do occasional bitmap image editing, read technical books as PDFs, and typical office stuff. My web pages can be quite graphically 'busy' with panels that flip and transparency fade effects. Reading low contrast text gives me a headache.   Over many years I've only had to buy three screens, so I'm quite a novice at this. But, given that I spend many hours looking at my screen every day, I need to get it right.    I'm replacing a failed Iiyama E2207WS (22", 16:10, 1680x1050)  If it hadn't failed I'd still be happy. But as it has I'd like to replace it with something better.    I'm looking for a monitor with the following characteristics:     16:10 ratio (width:height)   &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 24" diagonal at 1920 x 1200 pixels   (or 22" diagonal at 1680 x 1050 pixels)   I'm not a gamer -- although I do enjoy TriggerRally :) -- so I don't need great speed, but the old e2207ws did suffer from text streaking / stretching (?) during scroll   I don't need it very bright but     good contrast is important   as is reasonably good colour reproduction   (the e2207ws was OK in both respects)   plenty of easy colour/colour-temp adjustment might be useful too (see below **)    I need the screen low and angled to my line of sight     I think I've found a good stand to get the monitor down low and angled, but I'm open to anything better: Wearson WS-03A Adjustable LCD Monitor Stand  I was strongly considering iiyama ProLite XUB2495WSU-B1 especially given the anti-flicker and low blue light features, but this Hexus review suggested that the black levels and contrast are poor.    So I'm now leaning towards the Dell UltraSharp U2415 Good review here, and top choice here    ** ...and leaning away again having read this Amazon review: "While the overall colour was good, the whites were too blue on mine. Adjusting the Colour Temp in the menu is a waste of time as it auto selects certain temps. 5700k is far too red and 6500 too blue, and nothing in between." And, like the reviewer, I also hate fiddly touch (in)sensitive buttons and ludicrously bright LED 'on' lights.   I'm lost.    Any advice much appreciated.
I have a Dell XPS 15 9550 laptop, which has a camera at the bottom of the screen panel, at about a quarter distance from the left edge (just above the F3 button). Is there any fish-eye clip on available that would fit this location?  I've searched but found mostly "universal" clip-ons that work on phones and laptops with a camera at the top of a screen, i.e. ones that are only a few centimeters.  To summarize, I'm looking for a fish-eye lense:   Reasonably wide angle (180 degrees is nice, but not required) Under $25 Works on Dell XPS 15 9550, with camera below the screen, about 10-14 cm from the left side Quality is not very important   It's just for getting 5-7 people in the picture when doing remote stand ups using web conferencing tools, which is why I'm looking for a cheap solution, where quality isn't too important.
I have a 2010 model Dell SP2309W 23" monitor. I want to know what wire do I need to buy inorder to connect it to my Ubuntu 14.04 Dell Latitude 3560 laptop. (Online it says 3540 but on my command line is like anjanesh@anjanesh-Latitude-3560:) This is how the bottom of my monitor is
Which are the laptop computers with the largest detachable screen sizes? I am looking for one such that I can take a 17" Full HD screen in my hands and use it as a tablet and use it to inspect the code as I walk, resting it occasionally on the desk to code with a keyboard.  Thanks.
I am upgrading an 8 port, unmanaged network switch (3com 3CGSU08) for a lab because I need more ports and 10 Gbe connections. I am not a networking engineer by profession and this is the first time I have purchased a switch; consequently, I am unsure about whether its worth the extra money to purchase a managed switch vs and unmanaged one. From reading reviews online some people complain about the managed features of switches not really delivering what is advertised. The switch is being used to network together a bunch of linux servers and I have a fair amount of linux experience, but not so much on the networking side of things. What am I really getting into by going with an unmanaged switch vs a managed one?  Update 1 in response to comment The reason the switch is being upgraded is because I am integrating a new NAS into the network that has 10 Gbe ethernet for fast data transfer between the NAS and the servers it supports. All ports on the current 8-port switch are full (7 servers + gateway) which is why I need more ports to accommodate introducing the NAS. The current switch also doesn't suppor 10 Gbe connections even though the servers do. So I am looking to upgrade the switch to meet the following requirements:   Get more ports (might also need to expand number of servers in the future) Support fast data transfer between the NAS and the servers. This means I need at least ten 10 Gbe capable ports (RJ45 or SFP+ is ok). and minimize the need for IT support in maintaining the switch.    My question is about the last requirement. I have near zero experience maintaining a network such as this one. So how difficult is it going to be for me to deal with network maintenance if I go with a managed vs unmanaged switch? How much manual configuring am I going to have to do if any with the unmanaged option? Since there is quite a price difference between managed and unmanaged (see below), what am I really getting for the extra money if I go with a managed switch? I hope that makes it more clear what I am asking.   Here are two examples of switches I have looked at:   QNAP QSW-1208-8C-US 12-Port Unmanaged Switch – Cost $590 NETGEAR 12-port 10Gig Gigabit Ethernet Smart Managed Switch – Cost $980   Update 2, I answered my own question  Turns out I had a fundamental misunderstanding about the differences between managed and unmanaged switches. I was incorrectly under the impression that an unmanaged switch would need more configuration by IT than a managed switch would. Turns out unmanaged switches are ususally plug-n-play thus needing no configuration. This is because they don't offer as many features their managed switch counterparts. Managed switches have lots of features and thus usually need more configuration by IT. I found this information from reading a couple of blog posts. The first is focused on home networks, the other for industrial automation networks.  Unfortunately this leads me to yet another question for my specific scenario, that is, "do I need any of the managed switch features such as VLANS, QoS, and Layer 3 switching?" However, seems like I just need to dig deeper into each of these on my own. If anyone knows of some good resources to answer this new question please do share.
requirements:   less than 10 pounds since I plan to carry it around  needs to be able to run multiple adobe apps and projects at once without excessive slowdown. can handle a good screen type drawing tablet or has a touch screen accurate enough to keep up.   preferences:   at least one usb-c port Relatively sturdy as I am a bit of a klutz 15 inch or less in width and 12 inch or less in height (so it can fit in my bag) I can buy a new bag if necessary I'd like to keep it as cheap as possible due to not making very much money right now.   additional notes:    I know I'm probably asking for a lot so if I am give me some advice to tone it down efficiently or how much it would realistically cost. I plan to buy a graphics tablet with a screen as well since I really don't trust touch screen that aren't explicitly designed for drawing.  I already have a 16 gb ddr4 ram chip and a 1tb nvme m.2 ssd so being able to at least replace the ssd would be nice.
I need to wirelessly capture hearth rate to PC. I was thinking using something like Xiaomi band, but it seems there is no API for that. I just need real time tracking of my hearth rate. And I think using smart watches seems like most convenient solution. But I don't seem to find any viable options.  Thanks for any response.
What's the best 32" 4K monitor for office work when considering price?   It should have a height adjustable stand and should be VESA mountable.  Also, it should have a DisplayPort input.  IPS preferred, but not required.
I'm working on coming up with suggestions for an alternate interface to an existing piece of software, and one avenue I wanted to explore was using gesture gloves. They don't need to be particularly advanced (this isn't Minority Report), just enough so that I could get a basic image of gestures to process and interpret as gestures. Whether the data is given as an image from a camera or as raw sensor data is irrelevant. I would prefer is there is an API to handle the gesture recognition, but that's not a hard requirement.  I've already looked a lot on my own and am not coming up with great results. Most I'm finding are either not available for retail sale, being Kickstarted (Gest), or are strictly for VR applications.  Apologies if this isn't the right community, but I didn't see any others that really fit the question.
I have a mobility and space issue.  I moved from a 5000 sq. ft. house to a 1200 sq ft condominium, and have two computers each sharing the Thermaltake WP200 chassis:    While the machine is on castors and I have all hardwood floors, its sheer mass makes it too large to fit under a desk.   This means, with a desk the same depth next to it, I lose enough space in my living room to block the TV from other users when I sit in my chair.  Unfortunately, I don't have a lot of options for locations without blocking the hallway.   What I'd like to do is eliminate the desk entirely by affixing some sort of swing arms for monitors and peripherals that can fold down to the sides or top of the case when not in use.  Monitors can remain upright.   Unfortunately, my own research just keeps turning up wall mounts and nothing that would give me the vertical range of motion needed for the task.   What can I use to turn this beast into a self-contained rolling cart of computing awesomeness so I can eliminate using a full sized desk entirely?  I need to be able to fit 3 monitors, a mouse, a keyboard, a joystick, and a flight throttle as needed.
Looking for recommendations: I'm a full stack engineer. I work with visual studio, some database tools, visual studio code and lots of other tools, but none are graphic intensive. I'm passed the video gaming phase so gaming laptops might not be the best option for me.  What I'm looking for:   budget: up to $1600 i7 8th generation 16 GB RAM SSD 250~500 light weight and ergonomic comfortable keyboard with backlight (plus if mechanical) decent battery life 4 Full HD display 14 Quiet
I bought a CH341 or similar ROM programmer (GZUT OnePro) from Ebay ages ago, but it has absolutely no Linux support whatsoever, and its Windows drivers are not WHQL which requires you to disable driver signature enforcement (massive security risk). Anybody not willing to get their driver signed or made open source has something to hide, and I am only ever willing to risk running it on my experimental computer which I use for kernel development.  Here is a different one that also has an extensive list of supported chips, but no Linux support (and not even Windows 10): https://www.ebay.com.au/itm/High-Speed-TL866CS-Programmer-USB-EPROM-EEPROM-FLASH-BIOS-AVR-AL-PIC/171997875525  The silly thing is that this could all be done with an Arduino with USB-UART (such as Leonardo) and just appear as a generic serial device, with automatic universal driver support. However, I cannot find a solid software package to flash to it.  Does anybody own a ROM programmer that they would recommend, that has Linux support, and a similar range of supported ROM chips to the one above?  Thank you!  Ps: I did look first, but if this is a duplicate post, I apologise.
Due to some poor airflow in my case i'm looking to replace my default case fans and add 2 more.   As a case i have Sharkoon AI7000 and my mb is Aorus X470.   I've been looking around in my local market and i stumbled upon 3 fans.   One is the Arctic Bionix F140 which has PWM PST (sharing)- https://www.arctic.ac/eu_en/bionix-f140.html  The other one that was recommended to me was Noctua NF-p14s redux https://noctua.at/en/nf-p14s-redux-1200-pwm (to use as 2* intake fans).  And for exhaust i was recommended the 1500 pwm version of the Noctua https://noctua.at/en/nf-p14s-redux-1500-pwm  Since on paper the Arctic fan seems to be better i thought i'd ask here too.   Any tips ? Both have the same price in my country (1$ difference) and i need 5 (2 front, 1 back, 2 top).   The airflow in my case is a bit bad (got RTX 2080 with Ryzen 7 2700X and my GPU seems to make my CPU hotter), more on the issue here -> https://superuser.com/questions/1395950/fixing-airflow-in-pc-case/1395957?noredirect=1#comment2105355_1395957  If you've got any other recommendations i could look them up to see if they are available in my country, but i'd like to stay in the same price range if possible (since i need 5).
There are many models of bathroom scales around that will transmit body mass, body fat percentage etc. measurement to a mobile app or web-based client software for tracking and analysis.  I am looking for smart scales that function offline, without sending measurements over the Internet to a manufacturer's cloud servers.  This is because I want:   privacy, esp. for medically relevant personal data, simplicity, to use the scales in places without Internet (during travels, in low-infrastructure countries etc.), to not be afraid of losing the data and scales functions when the manufacturer chooses to close their cloud platform.   (Scales that only work properly with a server half around the world are such a bad idea it should be punished …)
I have a MacBookPro Early 2015, with 2 USC-3 ports (occupied. sigh.) and 2 Thunderbolt 2 ports (1 occupied with a gigabit Ethernet adapter, 1 free). I need to purchase a reliable 1 TB External SSD; a T5 Samsung and a SanDisk look appealing. Both have USB-C/USB-3 cables. Both can connect to USB-A ports, but none are free. I'm looking for an adapter or cable that lets me use the free Thunderbolt 2 port instead of a USB port.
I'm looking for a small wired keyboard that could be used with a mobile phone (capable of USB OTG).  Requirements:   USB connection, preferably microUSB connector (to remove the need for reductions) foldable (e.g. like HB066) preferably without wireless capabilities may include touchpad may need batteries   The question is similar to Wired USB connected foldable keyboard with mouse?, apart from the requirement to include touch area.
Apologies if have should have posted eleswhere (and if so where shoud I post?).  I have this cable:  USB Male A to DC 5v Power Supply Cable DC 5.5mm x 2.1 mm DC Jack Plug Charger    and I have this cable:  Micro JST 2.0 PH 2-Pin 120 mm Male to Female Connector Plugs Wires Cables Parts    I need to be able to connect the male of this ti the DC jack?  Is there a unified cable i can buy as an alternative or is there an adaptor i can buy to join the 2 together.  Apologies, but this is my 1st foray into hardware.  thanks
For a personal project, I am looking to interact with a computer using paper instead of a computer monitor. In other words, I need something like a teletypewriter / teleprinter / teletype / TTY. I understand that I can buy the required hardware at some antique stores and figure out the software part myself, but I am looking for an alternatives using modern parts. What hardware can I use to get a teletypewriter?  This is a follow-up question of: https://raspberrypi.stackexchange.com/questions/62861/terminal-output-to-printer-and-not-to-monitor
I recently spilt Tea all over my keyboard, and now it doesn't work correctly. It is also out of warranty. I am currently using a dirt cheap keyboard to keep me going until I get a replacement, but I'm not sure which keyboard to get?  My main tasks on the computer are programming and using Microsoft Office so having a good keyboard is essential. I would appreciate any suggestions for keyboards.  The only real requirements I have is that it must have a UK layout. Bonus features would be media keys to control Spotify, and it would be even better if it has programmable macro keys since I could make use of those.  I've been looking at the Topre Realforce keyboards. What is the consensus on them?
Our primary computer is hooked up to the big-screen TV in our living room. It's used for a variety of purposes, including watching streaming services like Netflix, playing games, browsing the web, writing documents, and all those usual things one uses a computer for. We've had this arrangement for many years (probably over a decade, across several computers), and while some keyboards have worked well enough for what we do we've never really found a keyboard we've been thrilled with.  Requirements:  (in rough order of priority)   Robust   We have five kids. We use the couch. The keyboard gets dropped, sat on, stepped on, and generally abused in every way one might imagine. While I expect we might need to replace it every few years, we shouldn't need to replace it every few months.  A physical on-device power switch   We need to be able to turn off the keyboard when not in use. Otherwise, toddlers and cats will end up typing all over our documents.  Compatible with Windows 10 Physical Navigation Keys   It should have arrow keys, PgUp, PgDown, Home, and End keys. They don't necessarily need to be in a standard location or orientation, but shouldn't require crazy Fn+Shift+whatever combinations in order to use.  Wireless   It needs to reach at least 15 feet from the computer, and be reliable. The computer does have Bluetooth built in, so a keyboard that worked over Bluetooth would be better, all else being equal, if only because then it wouldn't take a USB slot with a dongle. In order to be reliable at this distance, even if it's not Bluetooth I'm assuming it would need to be 2.4 GHz. Though if there's another protocol or frequency I'm not familiar with that would work just as well, that'd be fine. Our current computer (an Intel NUC6i7KYK) only has 4 USB ports total, so minimizing use of them is kinda nice (though not required as we could get a USB hub we we need to). Most of our keyboard and mice have been using the Logitech Unifying system, which is rather nice. If whatever we ended up needed a USB dongle but either worked with that, or was a similar system that allowed for upgrading different peripherals over time, that would be a nice-to-have. It should connect fairly quickly once turned on. It's fairly common when using the computer with kids on our laps to turn it on for typing something quick, and then turn it back off. You may be surprised how low Wireless is down the list. Well, if there's a way to do it wired that we can snake the whole distance around the room and back of the couch, that's be okay too. I'm just assuming that wireless will be the easiest approach, but I'd be happy to be proven wrong.  "Handleable"   I'm not sure what term exactly to use for this, but one needs to be able to set it down, pick it up, set it on one's lap, and use it comfortably. Some keyboards we've tried don't have much room to grip it by without hitting keys, or they don't rest easily on one's lap. It's often used at funny angles with children on our laps.  US Standard QWERTY Layout   Nice to have:   A light indicating Caps Lock Available from Staples   I'm an employee of Staples, so obviously it's my first choice for this sort of thing, and I get a small discount if I buy from there.  A neutral color   Your typical keyboard black or grey is fine. It'd be kind of odd if it were in bright colors.  Full-sized layout   It's be nice if the keys aren't all squished and are their standard size.    Budget:  We'd prefer it to be under $50 (US), though would be willing to spend more if there was enough evidence that it would last for a significant length of time.  What we've tried:   The low-end Logitech models, such as the MK270. This is what we've been happiest with in the past, except that the current models don't look to work with the Logitech Unifying system (Even though I'm fairly sure that their prior versions did.) They're surprisingly robust (or at least the models we got a several years ago were), and work even once several corners are chipped off. The Logitech K360. We've been really happy with these functionality-wise in terms of being "handleable", in that it's easy to grab and use. The main problem is that we've broken two in the past year, so they just aren't robust enough. In particular, their power switch seems prone to breaking and being stuck on (so that even when you switch it to Off, the keyboard is still actually On). The Logitech K375s. We just purchased this, as I wanted to try out a Bluetooth keyboard, but we're just really unhappy with it. It's hard to grasp the bottom to use it with the edge tapered down there. It also just feels light and flimsy, though we'd probably just get used to that eventually.   Other keyboards we've researched:   Ones that are designed to be "Media" couch keyboards, like the Microsoft All-in-One Media Wireless Keyboard or the Logitech K400. In fact, we really like how the Microsoft one specifically claims to be durable. But they don't have the physical navigation keys, and the touchpad just seems superfluous. While we'd probably use it on occasion if we had one, we're pretty happy with using the mouse on the armrest of the couch. Often when browsing the web a mouse is really all that's needed.
I have a 2012 MacBook Pro (this model) and I have also inherited two Dell U2515h displays, which understand DisplayPort 1.2 (but not Thunderbolt). I'd like to use the laptop (running OSX High Sierra) to drive both displays (independently, not mirrored).  The laptop has a single mini DisplayPort/Thunderbolt socket and an NVidia GeForce 650M which supports DisplayPort 1.2. Under OSX this can apparently be used to daisy-chain Thunderbolt displays but not DisplayPort displays (c.f. this thread about comparable hardware), whereas under Windows 7/8 on Bootcamp, daisy-chaining does work.  Is there any dock or adapter that will take a Thunderbolt MST connection from the laptop and turn it into two different DisplayPort streams for the monitors? Everything I've found seems to come with a warning that it won't solve the problem if I'm running OSX.
I'm a software developer, but I'm new to RFID (and hardware), and Google isn't helping me much right now.  I'm looking to find an RFID reader that has an SDK or something that allows me to create and install custom software.  Ultimately I need two types of readers/software solutions:   Filter RFID data and send it to a Web service (requires a reader with an Ethernet port) Filter RFID data, format it, and send it to a CAN bus via serial.   Any specific manufacturers I should look at or open source projects?  Any advice would be appreciated!  Thank you for your time.  Edit: Ideally I'm looking for a complete RFID reader device, versus a board.
I'm looking for a replacement to the noisy fans for a server 2U chassis. The front of the chassis is filled with the hard disks, which means that there is little space for air flow, which, in turn, means that I need fans with high static pressure.  The original fans have the following specification:   Rated current: 0.60 A. Fan speed: 7,000 RPM. Air flow: 72.5 CFM. Static pressure: 27.69 mm/H₂O. Noise: 53.5 dB(A).   The server will be heavily underused (storage only; CPU usage will remain relatively low), which means that the replacement fans can have one third the original static pressure value or ideally up to a half. So the requirements are:   PWM (4-pin). Size between 80×80×25 and 80×80×38. Static pressure superior to 10 mm/H₂O (or to 15 mm/H₂O). Noise level inferior to 35 dB(A). Price inferior to $40.   Generic fans such as Noctua NF-A8 PWM cannot be used. While the air flow is not bad (32.7 CFM), the static pressure is too low (2.37 mm/H₂O).  There is Silverstone FM81 which has an acceptable static pressure of 13.78 mm/H₂O, but it's also noisy at 48.0 dB(A).  What are my options?
I'm looking for an Intel CPU with higher core and suitable for programming. Please advise.
My goal is to obtain a productivity setup with quad (four) monitor setup that can handle 3 1440p monitors, and 1 4k monitor for movies (no gaming on that specific monitor). Would 1070ti be enough or do I need another better GPU?  Also, I understand for good quality I will use display port and HDMI 2.0 or higher port. Any CPU, Ram size recommendations?
I need a new laptop. I am not considering building a desktop. I work with 3D modeling of furniture/ambients and rendering software such as sketchup/vray and I need mobility.  Should I invest in a notebook that offers older processor and the latest GPU or the opposite latest processor with an older GPU ?  Lets assume I dont care about HDD and both options have at least 8GB RAM for the Operating System.  (i.e.: i7-6700HQ + GTX1080 or    i7-8750H + GTX 1050)
I will have 20-30 docker containers each running debian, and a chrome browser running in each of those. Each browser will be playing online slot games.  My current computer doesn't have a good graphics card or processor: Intel® Core™2 Duo processor T6670 clock speed 2.20 GHz, Mobile Intel® Graphics Media Accelerator 4500MHD (http://www.toshiba.co.uk/discontinued-products/satellite-pro-c660-16x/)  Just loading a slot machine (or even the william hill homepage) in one chrome browser uses about 40% cpu.  I need to buy a new computer for this. Do I need more cpu or more gpu or both? (gpu for all the animations etc but cpu needed because of multiple docker containers and chrome instances?)
My laptop's failing and it's past time I bought a new one. Requirements:   Primarily for gaming, although I will also be running computation-intensive software on it (such as Mathematica). Must have good wireless connectivity (important!) Should be reasonably future-proof Should have good warranty coverage (but I'll figure this one out myself of course) I'm budgeting around US$1500, and can go higher if the specs are appropriate. Screen size at least 15", 17" okay as well Not particularly interested in ray tracing, since if I play games I usually play quite competitively (i.e. FPS is more important).   As it is I've narrowed my options to these three models, and am wondering which is best. The GTX 2060 is the newest graphics card around my budget range, but from the reviews I've seen the performance seems to be around the same as the GTX 1070. This seems to indicate that the second model is inferior to the first, especially since the first model is not only cheaper, it also has a better CPU. Finally, the third model seems like an exceptionally good deal for its price, but it's refurbished, and I've never bought a refurbished computer before.  Which should I get? I'm not particularly expert on hardware unfortunately, and can't assess many of the more technical components on the specs sheets (e.g. is Intel 9560 Jefferson Peak (2x2 802.11ac) even good? How does it compare to Intel Wireless-AC 9560 (2x2 ac)?). If there's a better model than these three for my requirements as well, I'm also interested in them.  Lenovo's apparently making a new laptop with the 2060 that's even better value (under $1000), but it's not scheduled for launch for months, and although I might be able to wait a month, I doubt I can wait till the second half of the year.
I have been facing this question many times when making backups for home.  I would like to understand what is the best way to store data for the long-term (i.e.: 50 years). The requirements of the support are the following:   Should be small enough to fit into a closet; Should be relatively cheap (no exotic tachnology); Should be possible to encrypt (e.g.: veracrypt/truecrypt file container); Should not perish (e.g.: optical drives sometimes tend to detatch the metallic part impressed by the laser from the plastic support); Should be physical (i.e.: no cloud); Does not need to be rewritable (I like to make "snapshots").   Assuming that in 50 years somehow there will still be the technology to access any support available today to memorize data, what is the best way to store it, given the requirements listed above?
What is a good CUDA enabled controller for an autonomous mining vehicle?   It needs to be vibration resistant, atleast IP67, have 4 CAN ports, and 1 ethernet port.   I am using python / ROS for vision, sensor fusion, SLAM etc.
I need to choose hardware for an OpenCV project that I am working on currently.  Space is limited hence I cannot use a full blown computer.  The project specs are listed below:   Using two USB 3.0 high speed Basler cameras running at 300 fps each (300 megs/sec each.)  The video shot is between 1 to 1.5 seconds at a time.   I am using the LBP (local binary patterns) OpenCV library to detect objects in the video. The video processing should be real-time or as close to real-time as possible - a lag of up to 2 seconds between the video end and result extraction is acceptable. The cameras are used for two different tasks, obtaining the angle of an object moving in parallel to a camera and its proximity to the cameras - hence the need for stereoscopic vision. To minimize the data quantity, basler offers me the ability to skip frames, which I have done.  My project works if I only use every 4th frame. Hence I only need to process 225 frames at most.  More optimization is possible by cutting the duration of the video to below 1 second. The hardware needs to support Linux - my OS of choice Ideally I would like the OS loaded from an SD card The hardware needs to have 2 USB 3.0 slots HDMI or VGA output is needed. The hardware should not be any bigger than 8" x 8" x 3" Internet via (RJ-45)  Price should be around $500 - $1000  Memory - ideally at least 4GB CUDA hardware acceleration or similar would be very nice Power - no restriction - city grid Needs to interface with a SSD drive as well   So far I have looked at an Intel NUC and a Nvidia JetsonTX2.  Any other suggestions are greatly appreciated.
Recently, my brother has decided to go into Video Editing and Special Effects. He currently has a a laptop, with a Core i5-7300HQ, A GTX 1050 4GB, 8GB DDR3 and a 1 TB HDD. Now. while these specs are pretty decent for a mid range gaming laptop, I don't think it will cut it for using software like Premiere Pro and After Effects, as well as Final Cut Pro X.  From what he tells me, he says that the projects he is going to be working on will be "large" and "graphics intensive".  So I've decided to build him a desktop workstation with a budget of around $1000 USD. I've managed to source a Workstation (Brand new) with the following specifications -   Xeon E5-1660 6C/12T CPU @ 3.30 GHz   32GB DDR3-1600MHz Non-ECC RAM in     Quad Channel (4x8GB Sticks) Nvidia Quadro 2000 Graphics (I'm     assuming this is a K2000 or something along those lines) A 425W PSU (Apparently 80+ Rated Platinum) 1 TB Hard Drive   Now, I've already made up my mind about the PSU and the Storage situation in this rig, as it stands. The PSU I am definitely throwing out, and swapping in with more rated output to support more recent PCI Cards. As for storage, I'm going to throw in a cheap 512 GB SATA SSD into the mix, as a boot drive as well as a dumping drive for all important projects.  This Workstation takes up $400 of my budget (including shipping). The PSU I want to swap in will cost around $100 shipped, and the SSD will cost around $100 as well, so I am already $600 USD deep into this video editing rig.  Now onto the question at hand, with the remaining budget at hand, I've narrowed my GPU options down to 3 potential candidates, namely the GTX 1070 8GB from Gigabyte, the Sapphire R9 Nano, and the Strix R9 Fury (NON-X). All of these graphics cards come in at the $400 mark, so price isn't an issue here.  I'm not too clued up on the ins and outs of video editing and special effects, so I am not sure what features to look out for when selecting a card for this type of use case. But from what I can tell by reading online forum threads, like on Reddit and Tom's Hardware, the AMD Cards suffer a lot when using these programs, as the OpenCL Support just isn't there, as opposed to the OpenCL Support on the GTX 10X Series.   I hope I am wrong, and that I have been reading rubbish.  My question is this, out of the three GPUs listed above, which is the best GPU to get for this use case and why?  If you have any other GPU recommendations, please don't hesitate to suggest them, any help would greatly be appreciated.  As always, thanks for viewing!
Perhaps this ought to be two questions? If so, please answer for the SBC and I will ask another for the device to be tracked (or, I could just start with two SBC to get the software worked out).    I am very interested in the new aspects of BT 5 which are aimed at IoT and asset tracking.  Does anyone know of an SBC (Raspberry/Orang PI and the like) which already supports BT5? If not, is there another option, maybe a USB device – with driver – which I could use?  Which, of course, leaves me needing something to track; preferably something powered by a small watch cell type battery.  Low price is welcome, but for development, something with good support is probably better.
I'm planning an upgrade of a gaming PC. This is my current setup:  CPU: Intel Core i5-4430 @ 3.00GHz MB: ASUS H-81 Plus GPU: GeForce GTX 560 Ti RAM: 8 GB   I want to replace GPU with RXT2060 and later at some point upgrade CPU to i7.  The question is:  Is this plan viable? Will I have noticable performance growth if I only upgrade the GPU? Or must I upgrade both at once?  Thank you very much in advance for your answers!
(edited by request) Is there a camcorder out there something like this?   HDMI output that sends live signal (not just playback of recordings) external audio (mic) input able to stay on (not time out) when in record-standby mode (i.e. when not recording but just watching) view angle of approx. 35-40 degrees somewhere in its zoom range under about $400 (flexible - less is good, as this does not need to be high quality)   Goal: I want to combine audio from a sound system and video from a mounted camera (most likely a cheap camcorder) and send it via HDMI to a TV in a separate room. This is for a small church that has several moms with toddlers, to allow them to go to the next room and still see/hear the worship service. I previously considered wireless options (you can see my first post about that, which was too broad for this forum - sorry!), but none of them worked out, so I'm planning to run a cable out an exhaust van vent, along the outside wall for about 4 meters, and back in a vent in the other room. See this horribly rough drawing - blue is HDMI and green is audio:    Not only is a mic input seemingly rare in low-end camcorders, many websites don't even mention it in their specs one way or the other, making it hard to search. They also don't list details like auto-timeout. I don't care about most of the specs everyone else cares about, like battery life (it will be plugged in all the time), resolution (anything >= 720p is fine), image stabilization, recording media, or compression/bitrates. I don't need to record - I just need a decent video image, combined with my audio, and sent out the HDMI output.  UPDATE: I have discovered that I might have alternatives for the mic input requirement. First, I learned that the TV can accept a separate audio input for one of its HDMI inputs, so I could run a long XLR cable along with the HDMI, like this:    Secondly, perhaps a box like this would merge the audio into the HDMI feed before the point where the HDMI cable goes outside, and additionally give the HDMI a voltage boost it would probably need to go the distance. So here's a second scenario for camera specs that would be better for our budget:   HDMI output that sends live signal (not just playback of recordings) able to stay on (not time out) when in record-standby mode (i.e. when not recording but just watching) view angle of approx. 35-40 degrees somewhere in its zoom range under about $200 (perhaps? We're flexible, but what's the cheapest?)
So I’m a Uni student living on campus at WSU Australia, and they have a login system for the WiFi which it asks me for 2 things, my Identification (student number) and password (student password) - This rules me out from using so many devices. I have got work arounds for most of these, but it’s annoying - in general by default I cannot connect the following -  My smart watch (Gear S3 Frontier) (not too big of an issue as it's usually just paired with my phone)  My PlayStation 4/Xbox  My Google home Mini  My printer (Wouldn't connect it on an open network anyway)  My Dyson Pure Cool tower  and some other devices here and there, but not as important.  My current work around is setting up my Windows Surface laptop as a portable hotspot, but this has several setbacks, such as -   I am constantly removing my laptop from my room, whenever I do these devices lose connection,  The laptop doesn't carry over much of the Uni Wifi’s exceptional speed and can't handle many devices  SO MUCH LAG WHEN IM ONLINE GAMING WITH MY PS4  So what I'm looking for is recommendations for a WiFi Extender/WAP, (Netgear preferred) that can connect to the Uni's portal asking for student login and password. There is an ethernet port in my room, but the student accommodation has decided to pull the plug on those so you can't access any form of connection if you plug something in. So it would have to be able to connect to the captive login and only on a wireless connection. I obviously do not have the option to link the Uni WAP with my own extender, but I do have access to the WAP in the common room of my apt.  Thanks guys!
I'd like to have a laptop for mainly programming, office work, LaTeX and browsing the Internet. I will primarily be coding in Java and Scala using IntelliJ, so that requires a decent amount of CPU power, RAM and a fast SSD.  Requirements   Price: < 1000$  In the course of writing this answer, I realized this price requirement might be too harsh to allow for the other requirements.  Weight: light, possibly < 1.5kg (= 3.3 pounds) Planned (personal) years of usage: at least 3-4 years. Hence, it should be a reasonable work machine even in 3-4 years, and should have a decent processing. Hardware   Good single-thread CPU power (for fast LaTeX compilation apparently) >= 8 GB RAM No disk drive At least 512 GB SSD At least two USB type-A ports Battery does not have to be good  I use external power supply almost always anyway.  Software   No OS, only free OS or only clean Windows 10 Pro  (I suppose you only get a clean Windows with Microsoft products.)    I don't have a clear opinion on "touch vs no touch" and "convertible vs ordinary laptop" yet. The price is probably the limiting factor in both points.  Bonus  I'd accept secondhand and second-class laptops, given that they match the requirements, of course.  Research  On this site:   High End Lightweight Laptop: too expensive Laptop for front-end development: I suppose front-end development needs less performance than JVM-based development.   External:   notebooksbilliger.de (German site): after filtering for my requirements, only one HP laptop with >= 1200€ was left. "The best laptop 2019: our pick of the 15 best laptops you can buy this year": many laptops there violate the price requirement. Laptop Finder 2019: the found laptops either violate the weight or performance requirements.
I am getting tired of cross compilation.   I am looking for:     a cheap  (sub $100, preferably sub $50) Intel based SBC with some form of flash/eMMC (but not just micro SD card) a UART (two would be nice) and GPIO with a selection of displays available (from 3 lines of text x32 chars to about a 7 colo(u)r display) plus a 4x4 keypad, but I reckon the GPIO can take care of that and the ability to drive some stepper motors (GPIO again) WiFi would be a bonus single core is just fine   I don’t need the following, though won’t reject anything with, if it doesn’t affect the price too much:     multicore  hi-res graphics / GPU sound camera Bluetooth SATA   To summarize, I am looking for something like a Raspberry Pi Zero W, with an some flash storage and an Intel processor which will let me develop on Windows / Linux without cross-compilation.
What I'm Doing  I have a laptop and I am looking to get a portable screen for my laptop.   My Problem  Some of them have separate video and power connectors, but others give power and video over a single USB 3.0 cable.  I really don't want to power a second monitor from my laptop, because that will really drain my laptop's battery.  Instead I would like to power it from a battery pack.   Product / Hardware Recommendation Needed  I was thinking that some sort of USB Y shaped cable would do the trick.  Then I could plug it from my laptop (male data) AND batterypack/wall (male power) TO my portable monitor (data + power)
I am searching for a long lasting Bluetooth "cable" which:   battery lasts at least 8 hours (assume a ~36 ohm in-ear headphone), supports for current audio codecs like LDAC, aptX, ..., high quality headphone amplifier and, bonus, does support Bluetooth Low energy (BLE).   There is for example the RMCE-BT2. I wonder if there are better and cheaper products than this one.
I really like the ergonomics of a tenkeyless keyboard.  But I work in an office environment, and am a loud and aggressive typer.  It seems like EVERYTHING I find for tenkeyless on Amazon is mechanical switches, and most commonly blue mechanical switches (the loudest ones).  I am just looking for a quality tenkeyless keyboard that is quiet. I also prefer a little bit of tactile feedback (maybe cherry red are not for me).  DO any quiet tenkeyless keyboards exist?
I am buying a disk for my home-made NAS server. I will not access my server very often so I am planning to spin down (put disk to sleep) when not in use.  I was thinking about WD Red or Seagate Ironwolf since they are optimized for nas. But then again... NAS disks usually are not ment to be spinned down since this puts a lot of stress on the disk. They dont even support hdparam and you have to rely on third party tools to put them to sleep (https://withblue.ink/2016/07/15/what-i-learnt-from-using-wd-red-disks-to-build-a-home-nas.html).  Which disk would you recommend me for my use case? Would you go with WD Red, Ironwolf or some other disk? Do you know any disk which specifically supports hdparm?
I am currently doing my Msc. research paper on an area which involves developing a specialized virtual reality app thus requiring a good VR headset, so whats the best on-budget recommended headset that i can begin with    Edited    what i am specifically looking into is a headset which is compatible, comfortable & on-budget(under 300$) enough to support a realistically simulated VR content developed by unity3D through which a user can navigate inside the simulation and interact with things.  sorry for the simplistic nature of my question, am new to VR content creation and peripherals involved in the process.
I'm looking for an MCU with development board on which I can build a small embedded OS.  I'm looking for something along these lines:   At least single digit MBs of EEPROM or flash. About 1MB or so SRAM. Single core Flat memory map, no cache Fast enough to achieve 10-20 fps on a low-resolution display Von Neumann architecture   Any help would be appreciated  Edit1: no upper price limit  Edit2: I ended up settling on the PIC32MZ2048EFG064, it has 2MB flash, 0.5MB sram, runs at 200MHz, it's not von Neumann but it does allow you to execute from sram and write to flash during execution.
I am lately experiencing RAM troubles on my PC and would like an upgrade. PC is 5 years old, below you may find screenshot with stats. Main usage is work: MS Office and statistical software.  I am looking for a upgrade to 16 or even 32GB but have no idea how to chose the memory.  I hope you could help me,  Thank you
My Motherboard is missing (HP EliteDesk 800 G3 TowerPC ) Serial port.  I have 2 black slots of PCIE empty (named X1PCIEXP1, X1PCIEXP2 on the motherboard) and a yellow PCIE slot empty (named X4PCIEXP).  The two black slots are smaller in size, whereas the yellow slot is longer.  The problem is when I search online for PCIE to serial (Rs422) convertors, the products show small size connector probably I have to connect to the small black colored X1PCIEXP slots.  I am unable to find any serial interface card for X4PCI slot.   Kindly help. So the serial adaptor cards are not available in market for X4PCI slots? or am I missing something? So, should I buy X1PCI slot compatible ones for serial interfacing.  Can I buy this serial interface connector, by advantech? PCI-1602B-CE   Thank you
I'm looking for a motherboard that does not have UEFI. So far I been been unable to find any. It is for a system that will be running a bare bones Debian or Gentoo system. Its speed and compatibility with newer hardware are secondary as long as it only has BIOS. Looking to make it very difficult for malware to survive a full system wipe. I have no other hardware requirements (ie chipset, max memory, etc.) except that it be ddr3 compatible and newer than 2000.
I'm looking for a 2G GSM module that supports TLS 1.2 over TCP. I tried SIM900 but it only provide HTTPS (not TCP) and works with SSL 3.0 and TLS 1.0 (not TLS 1.2). SIM800 on the other hand provides TLS over TCP but it supports only version 1.2 (TLS 1.2).
I need to buy a laptop for my wife, who will use it for the most basic of requirements: web surfing, email, word processing. It needs to run Windows, because she uses Microsoft Word extensively. It can have a small screen, say around 10-12 inches.  I don't want to spend much on this, but I want a machine that will be able to perform these simple tasks very well.   I have been burned in the past by buying devices like the HP Stream, which is advertised for precisely this use case, but totally inadequate. It doesn't have enough storage to handle even the operating system, and even with only a few browser tabs open, grinds to a halt. Even typing an email can bog down waiting for the keystrokes to process.  Obviously, I'd like to spend as little as possible, but not less than necessary to get a decent machine.   What is a good machine for this situation?
I found pudding keycaps, e.g.    And I found blank keycaps, e.g.    Does anybody know whether there also exist blank pudding keycaps? I created a sample (please forgive my editing skills):    For further reference, I live in Germany and have Cherry MX switches in my Lioncast LK 30 keyboard.
I'm looking for a photo camera capable of taking photos of the whole sky from zenith to the horizon. The camera must:   have field of view at least 180° provide RAW format photos be controllable from a PC (to set exposure, trigger the shutter etc.) have "bulb" shutter mode have low enough noise to be usable for easily shooting visible stars.   Maximum desirable price is about US$150.  Currently I have Canon 1100D (not counting against the max price) which satisfies almost all the above points, but doesn't have any wide-enough-angle lens. Since it has a cropped sensor, I'm not sure I'll be able to find any fisheye lens to get 180° FOV. But if you know of a cheap enough suitable lens, it'll be a good answer. Otherwise, I expect some solution independent of my existing camera.
I connected a seagate 2TB to a beaglebone black for a media server setup. On my phone I installed VLC player, the setup works fine and it plays very well. Until I play H.264 videos, initially it works fine but it continuously trying to buffer, like you are on a slow internet watching YouTube. So now I am thinking of two options:   An SBC powerful enough to stream H.264 videos on the local network, with gigabit Ethernet, but less than 150$ (The less the better). I have an extra beaglebone green so I thought of setting up a "cluster" from these two (Would it work?)   What do you think?
I am trying to buy the most reliable case fan known to man. The Fans noise level can be as loud as it wants.  The fan has to have good enough airflow.  The fan has to last a long time.  Those are really the only requirements.  As far as size.. probably the most common sizes whatever that happens to be.  Size is not really important to me.  But if I was forced to pick a size, I would have to pick the most common as of right now.  Which seems to be:  120mm, 140mm, and 80mm seem to be the most common types as of right now.  A good example, and I don't want people to dwell on this very much, is enterprise.  What type of fans does enterprise use?  I know IBM sometimes uses a company called Delta.
I have some mini pcie wireless cards I want to use with my laptop. I ordered one such device from amazon, but it was a sham, there was litterly no components on  the PCB, there is no way I could have worked. What USB to mini PCIE device do you recommend? Operational with Linux would be a requirement.
I'm looking for laptop with following conditions:   Weight: up to 1.4 kg   Screen: up to 13.3″ or up to 14″ if FullView screen, at least Full HD resolution (1920х1080).   RAM and SSD replacability (non soldered) Maximum perfomance for applications, not games (AMD Ryzen prefereable) Cost: around $1000   Most suitable laptops are Lenovo IdeaPad 720S-13ARR, Asus ZenBook, Acer SWIFT 5, Huawei MateBook 13 and Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air 12.5". But they all have soldered RAM, so I can't extend it if needed.  Are all ultrabook manufacturers making RAM on-chip ? Or is there any model with extensible SODIMM slot ? Maybe some OEM manufacturers do that, like Pegatron ?
I need a recommendation for a wireless access point (WAP) that can sustain a network with the following features:   Not connected to the internet Spans around 30m x 30m of open indoor space. Can sustain high bandwidth with low latency to a few dozen devices talking to each other over UDP unicasts and broadcasts. Almost all devices are on WiFi, a handful are connected via LAN cables. The WiFi will be 2.4GHz due to devices that do not support 5Ghz. Price is not the main deciding factor.   I'd be happy to understand which parameters are important to look at when evaluating a router considering the above requirements.
I am trying to buy the most reliable case fan known to man. The Fans noise level can be as loud as it wants. The fan has to have good enough airflow. The fan has to last a long time. Those are really the only requirements. As far as size.. probably the most common sizes whatever that happens to be. Size is not really important to me. But if I was forced to pick a size, I would have to pick the most common as of right now. Which seems to be: 120mm, 140mm, and 80mm seem to be the most common types as of right now.  A good example, and I don't want people to dwell on this very much, is enterprise. What type of fans does enterprise use? I know IBM sometimes uses a company called Delta.
I have for stupid reasons inserted (2-3 times) a power supply of an output of 3 ampers to my external disk sending the piece to heaven.   Now, in order to attempt to recover the data I have sent the hard disk to some technician who told me that by only changing the motherboard of the fried hard disk with a similar, but not identical, piece.   The hard disk lights up but it still doesn't work.   The technician also told me that he found the identical motherboard which costs 100 euros plus roughly 1 month of waiting.   I am wondering if this new motherboard is worth the try or if it is a total waste of time and money.   Is it possible that after those power shocks the whole hard disk is garbage?   How likely is that with a new motherboard of the hard disk I will be able to retrieve the data?   Those data are memories from ten years ago and are worth the try if it is a decent bet, otherwise I must accept the idiotic mistake I have made the sooner possible.
My elderly grandfather uses an iPad 3 for his email, web browsing, banking and solitaire.  He is not a moron, he's just 90 years old. If the tablet is interruptive, and throws weird diversions into his path, what I call tech drama, he gets lost, frustrated, and gives up.   As an example of "tech drama", he said for the last few days his iPad has "been very difficult".  Today, it gave an "Activation Lock" screen and demanded a password he had no idea what it is. (happens it was iCloud, and it wouldn't take his correct security questions. Untangling it was hours of techsupport and a traumatic nightmare, which is just the kind of thing we can't have a device do. EVER.   So we need a simply functioning, basic tablet without any "OhMyGod now you need to go do this other thing" interruptive behavior.    I would think/hope there would be tablets optimized for seniors that do just that. Any ideas?
I have to purchase a workstation at office. I have very little knowledge about hardware and what config (GPU, Memory, Processor) should I take so that it has enough hardware to work with state of the art things such as CNN, good graphics and visualization softwares and development, high end image processing tools and development such as reconstructions.  Budget is around 15k to 17k USD. Budget is for hardware only  I will be using mostly open source libraries for Machine learning and Image processing. I am looking out for a workstation which should do good working with 1000s of images of each size 10 MB and resolution max could be 2k by 2k.   Or in otherway can you please suggest a good workstation which will run Libraries and platforms like tensorflow, Keras etc. for pattern recognition and also for practicing and developing Computed Tomography Reconstruction algorithms.
My usage is mainly for some not-too-heavy video editing and graphic design. I use Premiere Pro, Photoshop, and possibly Illustrator and Corel Draw, maybe even AfterEffects in the near future. My two choices are:    HP Pavilion x360 Cd0053tx Specs: Intel core i5 8250u, 8GB DDR4 RAM, 1TB HDD, 16GB Intel Optane Memory, 2GB Nvidia MX130 graphics, 14-inch touch display.    Pros: Convertible, portable,cheaper.   Cons: i5, no SSD.    Dell Inspiron 7572  Specs: Intel core i7, 8GB RAM, 1TB HDD+ 128GB SSD, 4GB Nvidia MX150 graphics, 15.6 inch display.   Pros: i7, graphics, SSD.  Cons: not as portable, not convertible.  Should I choose performance or form factor, for my usage?
I am using DL in my research and I added a second 1080ti to my computer, because using only one would not let me finish my experiments in time. Tensorflow will utilize almost 100% GPU and some CPU.   Problem: If I run tensorflow with both GPUs the system turns off suddenly and will not POST. I have to remove the first gpu to power on again (afterwards I can add the first GPU again).  PC specification:    1x be quiet! Dark Power Pro 11 750W ATX 2.4 (BN252) 1x ASUS Prime X370-Pro (90MB0TD0-M0EAY0) 1x AMD Ryzen 5 1600 (TDP: 65W), 6x 3.20GHz, boxed (YD1600BBAEBOX)  2 x MSI  GeForce GTX 1080 Ti (250 W) Gaming X 11G, 11GB GDDR5X, DVI, 2x HDMI, 2x DP (V360-001R)   1x Samsung SSD 850 EVO 250GB, SATA (MZ-75E250B)  3x Seagate IronWolf NAS HDD 10TB, SATA 6Gb/s (ST10000VN0004) 1x G.Skill Aegis DIMM Kit 16GB, DDR4-3000, CL16-18-18-38 (F4-3000C16D-16GISB)   I use PCIEX16_1 and PCIEX16_2 for the GPUs.  What I tried so far:   Running tensorflow with each of the GPUs (100% GPU utilization) --> OK for both GPUs Checking the temperatur of both GPUs while using GPUs in parallel:  --> OK max temp <80°C  Double checked that nothing is overlocked --> OK   Can someone please guide me trough the next steps to figure out the problem?   Thank you all for your help. (I would be very thank full, because I am already behind schedule.)
I am a programmer and do intensive work which requires heavy ram and speed. I ue Microsoft technologies mostly.
Dears,  I am looking for a backup solution with the bellow requirement: solution should store backup files in a type of self – sufficient storage containers and have no dependency on backup catalog for recovery.  Which backup solution could support this requirement? Is the bellow solutions support this  Rubrik, cohesity, zerto, IBM spectrum, Veeam, commvault Regards
I'm searching for a USB wifi card which allows me to inject packages at a high rate (>6Mbit/s), as well as monitor them in Linux. If possible it should also support a high MTU (2300). Also, good or opensource drivers are needed as I need to get it running on an embedded ARM board. Should be relatively small and lightweight and quite cheap as I need a lot of them.  EU Market  I don't care about fancy features like Hardware Crypto and 5G.  Basically, I search for a card which I can give a buffer and say: Please send this on Channel x with a bitrate of y and the card will do it. As well as say please listen on channel x with a bitrate of y and give me everything you receive, no matter how garbled it is.  I know two chipsets which work fine for my application, but one is discontinued (ralink rt2770f) and the other is PCIex not USB (Intel® Wireless-AC 9560).
17 inches. i7 can play overwatch.  Gaming laptop.  Bigger screen the better  resolution full HD 1920 1080  Additional detail similar to this guy from: https://www.reddit.com/r/SuggestALaptop/comments/auc5am/i_want_to_buy_laptop_for_my_daughter/   Total budget and country of purchase: Indonesia. Budget $1k to $2k Do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor, good battery life or best specifications for the money? Pick or include any that apply. Prefer How important is weight and thinness to you? Not much Which OS do you require? Windows, Mac, Chrome OS, Linux. Windows Do you have a preferred screen size? If indifferent, put N/A. 17 inch or larger full HD Are you doing any CAD/video editing/photo editing/gaming? List which programs/games you desire to run. Gaming. Video editing. CAD If you're gaming, do you have certain games you want to play? At what settings and FPS do you want? Overwatch. Full HD. 60 FPS. But 30 is okay Any specific requirements such as good keyboard, reliable build quality, touch-screen, finger-print reader, optical drive or good input devices (keyboard/touchpad)? Nothing. Touch screen is awesome but not necessary Leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion. Anything you wish   Reddit recommends https://www.tokopedia.com/apasuscomputer78/msi-gp73-8re-467-i7-8750h-8gb-256gb-1tb-gtx1060-6gb-w10?trkid=f=Ca0000L144,146,150,151,167,168,171,174,175,176,177,178,463P0W0S0Sh00Co0Po0Fr0Cb0_src=search_page=1_ob=3_q=MSI+GP73_bmexp=18_po=1_catid=289_bmexp=18&lt=/searchproduct%20-%20p1%20-%20product MSI GP73. Unless I found better one I am going to go with that.
Can you advise what kind of configuration (I mean which components like graphic board, processor, mainboard, etc. WITHOUT: monitor, software, keyboard, mouse, etc.) should I choose to create very strong gaming machine in small budget 912,25 USD - 1046,00 USD (The given budget can be slightly exceeded if somehow it would actually improve). Can you give me some example configurations that you would use yourself? The main reason for this machine is gaming entertainment and also normal working like a media home station.  In addition to the specific budget, which monitor you would recommend in terms of the game, such as counter strike.
I have an important dataset considering more than 2 000 000 lines is important. My computer is kinda old, Lenovo 520 7859, but I already removed RAM to put 8GB which is the maximum of the motherboard capacity.  The storage is currently HDD, and I would like to change for SSD. I know the difference between SLC, MLC and so on, and it seems obvious SLC would be the best, but I would like to know if MLC could be enough.   Besides the library I am looking for is dask which is done to works on a single machine too. When I read this blogger to have 8GB RAM seems to be okay for it, for CPU when he starts an example with quad core I wonder if it is necessary, but nowhere I found any readings about adapted storage to use.  So before purchasing anything I would like to know your advices for this problematic.
Trying to connect Dell monitor 1907FPt to Toshiba Satellite E45t B4106 and cannot get any picture to display. I have tried a VGA to HDMI and DVI-D to HDMI. The computer recognizes the monitor is plugged in, however nothing will display on the screen. I have updated the drivers, tried all the basic extend/duplicate options, but no picture will come up on the monitor. HALP!
I am looking for a pci-express usb otg adapter (or some other way) so I can do some experimenting with gadgetfs (usb device) on my desktop Linux computer. usb type c is not suitable as it uses different drivers and has a different api.  I have seen a couple of older (ACIX MCS9990, IsP1362 Pci/Linux OtG evaluation kit ) boards around that used to support it, but I have not been able to find a source for these boards.  Any suggestions?
I have got a L520 7859CTO (name of motherboard) under windows 64 bits. The current CPU is a i3-2350M and I would like to change it for a quad core because my context is submitted.  Here the manufacturer gives some specifications, and following it strictly only find the i7-2630QM as compatible.  But where it becomes more complicated to me, a non expert, is when I look at the lenovo forum:  "What I did not mention before is that the 2nd gen quad cores may work too, like one of these:     i7-2670QM (2,20GHz, 6MB L3)     i7-2720QM (2.20GHz, 6MB L3)     i7-2760QM (2.40GHz, 6MB L3)     i7-2820QM (2.30GHz, 8MB L3)     i7-2860QM (2.50GHz, 8MB L3)"  So here the possibilities are very larger, even if nowadays it is more difficult to find this kind of CPU.  After a bunch of research about compatibilities I found my socket is a rPGA 988B (called Socket G2 too) and I found an larger list of possibility based on it here So as they say "make sure that the CPU is compatible with the motherboard" and advice to check the chipset, mine is a Sandy Bridge Rev.09 according to CPU-Z software, and tell me if I am wrong, it means my motherboard is only compatible with 2nd generation (iX-2XXX).  Now, even if I did research about it, was it useless because I must refer to the documentation I gave you above?  I read about BIOS too (mine is 8GET46WW(1.23)) but I do not find good informations to check the compatibilty from my side
How can one stream audio to a Samsung K360 Soundbar from a Playstation 4 Slim?  I'm looking for either of two scenarios:   Eliminate the audio tether to the controller with a Bluetooth dongle somehow Bypass the controller entirely and connect the soundbar directly to the PS4 or use something else as a middleman   I don't have a real TV; I'm using a PC monitor with HDMI for the visuals, so solutions that require a TV are unlikely to be applicable.  The lack of native support from Sony is frustrating, but there has got to be some workaround. Right?
Found some comparison on the internet but it has different spec on my region and both are the same price.  Which one is better for Gaming(Cyberpunk 2077 at 30FPS) in your opinion? I'm also open up for other option too(~$1000USD)  Property            ASUS                        ACER --------------------------------------------------------------------------- CPU Intel           Core i5-8300H               Intel Core i5-8300H Graphic Chip        GeForce GTX1060 6 GB GDDR5  GeForce GTX1060 6 GB GDDR5 Display Size        15.60                       15.60 Display Resolution  1920 x 1080                 1920 x 1080 Display Type***     Full HD                     Full HD ,IPS Ram                 8 GB DDR4                   8 GB DDR4 HDD                 1 TB                        1 TB Battery***          3 Cells                     4-Cell Warranty***         2 Years                     3 Years Weight***           2.3 KG                      2.7 KG
I'm looking for the cheapest way to recognise text which is 2cm high and 12m from the camera. It needs to have high accuracy. Also I don't know where the text will be in the frame so a wide angle is prefered but it seems that will be expensive.   I tried with a raspberry pi and their 5MP camera and it's not enough (this is my first computer vision project).  Any help appreciated.
We have Verizon service with a FIOS Quantum Gateway router model FIOS-G1100. The power wart is going bad and we need to replace it. On occasion the device looses power. Putting a meter on the barrel connector shows no potential. Beating the power wart on the floor restores the connection.  According to Fios Quantum Gateway USER GUIDE, p 210, the power supply is 12V DC 3.0A. However it does not list a part number or specification for the barrel connector.  What is the part number for the power supply? Or, what is the specification on the barrel connector.  (The power wart is so fragile I don't want to unplug it for fear it will die completely).
I am concerned that lg gram is not a matte screen and can have reflections.     The screen is very reflective and was hurting my eyes - I came from a matte mac and it was very comfy on the eyes, >this one gave me eye strain and even after buying one of those blue light filtered glasses it still was straining. I >ended up buying (and am really liking)   https://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-reviews/R2CSOQ0BESEIOD/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_viewpnt?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B01N22876J#R2CSOQ0BESEIOD  Is there anything that can be done about it?
